belwue.infos		Mitteilungen Landesforschungsnetz Baden-Wuerttemberg. (Moderated)
belwue.misc		Diskussionen betreffend das BelWue.
belwue.test		Tests der BelWue Verteilung.
comp.admin.policy	Discussions of site administration policies.
comp.ai.alife		Research about artificial life.
comp.ai			Artificial Intelligence. (Moderated)
comp.ai.doc-analysis.misc	General document understanding technologies.
comp.ai.doc-analysis.ocr	OCR research, algorithms and software.
comp.ai.edu		Applications of Artificial Intelligence to Education.
comp.ai.fuzzy		Fuzzy set theory, aka fuzzy logic.
comp.ai.games		Artificial intelligence in games and game-playing.
comp.ai.genetic		Genetic algorithms in computing.
comp.ai.nat-lang	Natural language processing by computers.
comp.ai.neural-nets	All aspects of neural networks.
comp.ai.philosophy	Philosophical aspects of Artificial Intelligence.
comp.ai.shells		Expert systems and other artificial intelligence shells.
comp.ai.vision		Artificial Intelligence Vision Research. (Moderated)
comp.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
comp.apps.spreadsheets	Spreadsheets on various platforms.
comp.arch.arithmetic	Implementing arithmetic on computers/digital systems.
comp.arch		Computer architecture.
comp.arch.embedded	Embedded computer systems topics.
comp.arch.fpga		Field Programmable Gate Array based computing systems.
comp.arch.hobbyist	Homebrew digital electronics design. (Moderated)
comp.archives.admin	Issues relating to computer archive administration.
comp.archives.ms-windows.discuss	Discussing Microsoft Windows archives.
comp.arch.storage	Storage system issues, both hardware and software.
comp.bbs.majorbbs	Support & discussion of The Major BBS from Galacticomm.
comp.bbs.misc		All aspects of computer bulletin board systems.
comp.bbs.waffle		The Waffle BBS and USENET system on all platforms.
comp.benchmarks		Discussion of benchmarking techniques and results.
comp.binaries.cbm	For the transfer of 8bit Commodore binaries. (Moderated)
comp.bugs.misc		General UNIX bug reports and fixes (incl V7, uucp).
comp.cad.autocad	AutoDesk's AutoCAD software.
comp.cad.cadence	Users of Cadence Design Systems products.
comp.cad.compass	Compass Design Automation EDA tools.
comp.cad.i-deas		SDRC I-DEAS Masters Series software.
comp.cad.microstation	MicroStation CAD software and related products.
comp.cad.microstation.programmer	Developing software in Microstation CAD.
comp.cad.pro-engineer	Parametric Technology's Pro/Engineer design package.
comp.cad.solidworks	SolidWorks newsgroup.
comp.cad.synthesis	Research and production in the field of logic synthesis.
comp.client-server	Topics relating to client/server technology.
comp.cog-eng		Cognitive engineering.
comp.compilers		Compiler construction, theory, etc. (Moderated)
comp.compilers.lcc	The lcc C Compiler and related topics.
comp.compilers.tools.javacc	The Java Compiler Compiler and related topics.
comp.compression	Data compression algorithms and theory.
comp.compression.research	Discussions about data compression research. (Moderated)
comp.constraints	Constraint processing and related topics.
comp.data.administration	Manage data as a corporate asset: stds & methds.
comp.databases.adabas	ADABAS Database topics in general.
comp.databases.berkeley-db	The Berkeley DB libraries.
comp.databases.btrieve	Pervasive Software client/server development.
comp.databases		Database and data management issues and theory.
comp.databases.filemaker	Technical discussions about FileMaker.
comp.databases.gupta	Gupta SQLWindows client-server development.
comp.databases.ibm-db2	Problem resolution with DB2 database products.
comp.databases.informix	Informix database management software discussions.
comp.databases.ingres	Issues relating to INGRES products.
comp.databases.ms-access	MS Windows' relational database system, Access.
comp.databases.ms-sqlserver	Microsoft's SQL Server and related products.
comp.databases.mysql	MySQL RDBMS technical discussions.
comp.databases.object	Object-oriented paradigms in database systems.
comp.databases.olap	Analytical Processing, Multidimensional DBMS, EIS, DSS.
comp.databases.oracle.marketplace	Oracle-related jobs, etc.
comp.databases.oracle.misc	Oracle related topics.
comp.databases.oracle.server	Oracle database administration/server topics.
comp.databases.oracle.tools	Oracle software tools/applications.
comp.databases.paradox	Borland's database for DOS & MS Windows.
comp.databases.pick	Pick-like, post-relational, database systems.
comp.databases.postgresql	PGSQL Relational Database Management System.
comp.databases.progress	The Progress 4GL & RDBMS.
comp.databases.rdb	The relational database engine RDB from DEC.
comp.databases.sybase	Implementations of the SQL Server.
comp.databases.theory	Discussing advances in database technology.
comp.databases.visual-dbase	Database discussions using Visual dBASE.
comp.databases.xbase.codebase	CodeBase and its related products.
comp.databases.xbase.fox	Fox Software's xBase system and compatibles.
comp.databases.xbase.misc	Discussion of xBase (dBASE-like) products.
comp.dcom.cabling	Cabling selection, installation and use.
comp.dcom.cell-relay	Forum for discussion of Cell Relay-based products.
comp.dcom.fax		Fax hardware, software, and protocols.
comp.dcom.isdn.capi	CAPI - the Common ISDN Application Interface.
comp.dcom.lans.ethernet	Discussions of the Ethernet/IEEE 802.3 protocols.
comp.dcom.lans.misc	Local area network hardware and software.
comp.dcom.modems.cable	Cable modems and internet access via cable tv.
comp.dcom.modems	Data communications hardware and software.
comp.dcom.net-analysis	Network Testing and Analysis Procedures and Results.
comp.dcom.net-management	Network management methods and applications.
comp.dcom.sdh-sonet	Discuss the SDH and SONET technology.
comp.dcom.sys.cisco	Info on Cisco routers and bridges.
comp.dcom.sys.nortel	Nortel telecommunications products and systems.
comp.dcom.telecom.tech	Discussion of technical aspects of telephony.
comp.dcom.telecom	Telecommunications digest. (Moderated)
comp.dcom.videoconf	Video conference technology and applications.
comp.dcom.voice-over-ip	Voice Over IP technology.
comp.dcom.vpn		Virtual Private Network Technology.
comp.dcom.wan		All topics concerned with wide area networking.
comp.dcom.xdsl		Discussion area for different DSL technologies.
comp.distributed	Distributed Resource Sharing and Applications.
comp.doc.management	Document Management technologies.
comp.doc.techreports	Lists of technical reports. (Moderated)
comp.dsp		Digital Signal Processing using computers.
comp.editors		Topics related to computerized text editing.
comp.edu		Computer science education.
comp.edu.languages.natural	Computer assisted languages instruction issues.
comp.emacs		EMACS editors of different flavors.
comp.emacs.xemacs	Bug reports, questions and answers about XEmacs.
comp.emulators.apple2	Emulators of Apple // systems.
comp.emulators.cbm	Emulators of C-64, C-128, PET, and VIC-20 systems.
comp.emulators.game-consoles	Emulators of game console systems.
comp.emulators.misc	Emulators of miscellaneous computer systems.
comp.emulators.ms-windows.wine	A free MS-Windows emulator under X.
comp.file-sharing.bittorrent	Distributed file sharing on Bittorrent protocol.
comp.fonts		Typefonts -- design, conversion, use, etc.
comp.games.development.design	Designing gameplay and rules systems.
comp.games.development.industry	Biz news, project management, jobs.
comp.games.development.programming.algorithms	Abstract algorithms for games.
comp.games.development.programming.misc	General info on programming games.
comp.graphics.algorithms	Algorithms used in producing computer graphics.
comp.graphics.animation	Technical aspects of computer animation.
comp.graphics.api.misc	Application Programmer Interface issues, methods.
comp.graphics.api.opengl	The OpenGL 3D application programming interface.
comp.graphics.apps.alias	3-D graphics software from Alias Research.
comp.graphics.apps.cinema4d	3D modeling, animation and raytracing package.
comp.graphics.apps.corel	Corel graphics software applications.
comp.graphics.apps.gimp	The GNU Image Manipulation Program.
comp.graphics.apps.gnuplot	The gnuplot interactive function plotter.
comp.graphics.apps.lightwave	NewTek's Lightwave3D & related topics.
comp.graphics.apps.pagemaker	Question, answers, tips and suggestions.
comp.graphics.apps.paint-shop-pro	Paint Shop Pro in general.
comp.graphics.apps.photoshop	Adobe Photoshop techniques & help.
comp.graphics.apps.ulead	Ulead graphics software products.
comp.graphics.misc	Computer graphics miscellany.
comp.graphics.packages.3dstudio	Autodesk's 3D Studio software.
comp.graphics.rendering.misc	Rendering comparisons, approaches, methods.
comp.graphics.rendering.raytracing	Raytracing software, tools and methods.
comp.graphics.rendering.renderman	RenderMan interface & shading language.
comp.graphics.visualization	Info on scientific visualization.
comp.groupware.lotus-notes.admin	Lotus Notes system administration.
comp.groupware.lotus-notes.apps	Application software for Lotus Notes.
comp.groupware.lotus-notes.misc	Lotus Notes related discussions.
comp.groupware.lotus-notes.programmer	Programming for Lotus Notes.
comp.groupware		Software & hardware for shared interactive environments.
comp.home.automation	Home automation devices, setup, sources, etc.
comp.human-factors	Issues related to human-computer interaction (HCI).
comp.infosystems	Any discussion about information systems.
comp.infosystems.gis	All aspects of Geographic Information Systems.
comp.infosystems.gopher	Discussion of the Gopher information service.
comp.infosystems.hyperg	The Hyper-G network hypermedia system and applications.
comp.infosystems.kiosks	Informational and transactional kiosks. (Moderated)
comp.infosystems.search	All aspects of search technology.
comp.infosystems.wais	The Z39.50-based WAIS full-text search system.
comp.infosystems.www.authoring.html	Writing HTML for the Web.
comp.infosystems.www.authoring.images	Using images, imagemaps on the Web.
comp.infosystems.www.authoring.misc	Miscellaneous Web authoring issues.
comp.infosystems.www.authoring.site-design	Web site design philosophy.
comp.infosystems.www.authoring.stylesheets	Layout/presentation on the WWW.
comp.infosystems.www.authoring.tools	Programs to help authoring Websites.
comp.infosystems.www.browsers.mac	Web browsers for the Macintosh platform.
comp.infosystems.www.browsers.misc	Web browsers for other platforms.
comp.infosystems.www.browsers.ms-windows	Web browsers for MS Windows.
comp.infosystems.www.browsers.x	Web browsers for the X-Window system.
comp.infosystems.www.misc	Miscellaneous World Wide Web discussion.
comp.infosystems.www.servers.misc	Web servers for other platforms.
comp.infosystems.www.servers.ms-windows	Web servers for MS Windows and NT.
comp.infosystems.www.servers.unix	Web servers for UNIX platforms.
comp.internet.library	Discussing electronic libraries. (Moderated)
comp.internet.services.blog.livejournal	LJ blogging service and software.
comp.internet.services.google	Search, Gmail, Groups, Maps, Picasa, etc.
comp.internet.services.video.youtube	Internet video for the masses.
comp.internet.services.wiki	Wikis, such as Wikipedia.
comp.lang.ada		Discussion about Ada*.
comp.lang.apl		Discussion about APL.
comp.lang.asm370	Programming in IBM System/370 Assembly Language.
comp.lang.asm.x86	Bulletin Board and Q&A for x86 assembly language topics. (Moderated)
comp.lang.awk		The AWK programming language.
comp.lang.basic.misc	Other dialects and aspects of BASIC.
comp.lang.basic.powerbasic	PowerBasic Inc. programming languages.
comp.lang.basic.realbasic	REALBasic programming discussion.
comp.lang.basic.visual.database	Database aspects of Visual Basic.
comp.lang.basic.visual.misc	Visual Basic in general.
comp.lang.beta		The object-oriented programming language BETA.
comp.lang.c		Discussion about C.
comp.lang.clarion	Technical discussion of Clarion programming.
comp.lang.c++.leda	All aspects of the LEDA library.
comp.lang.clipper	Clipper and Visual Objects programming languages.
comp.lang.clipper.visual-objects	CA-Visual Objects developer system.
comp.lang.clos		Common Lisp Object System discussions.
comp.lang.c++.misc	Development in C++, libraries, cross and single targets
comp.lang.c++.moderated	Technical discussion of the C++ language. (Moderated)
comp.lang.c.moderated	The C programming language. (Moderated)
comp.lang.cobol		The COBOL language and software.
comp.lang.c++		The object-oriented C++ language.
comp.lang.dylan		For discussion of the Dylan language.
comp.lang.eiffel	The object-oriented Eiffel language.
comp.lang.forth		Discussion about Forth.
comp.lang.forth.mac	The CSI MacForth programming environment.
comp.lang.fortran	Discussion about FORTRAN.
comp.lang.functional	Discussion about functional languages.
comp.lang.haskell	Polymorphically-typed lazy purely-functional programming.
comp.lang.hermes	The Hermes language for distributed applications.
comp.lang.icon		Topics related to the ICON programming language.
comp.lang.idl		IDL (Interface Description Language) related topics.
comp.lang.idl-pvwave	IDL and PV-Wave language discussions.
comp.lang.java.3d	3D Graphics API's for the Java language.
comp.lang.java.advocacy	Support for and criticism of the Java System.
comp.lang.java.beans	Java software components (JavaBeans).
comp.lang.java.corba	Topics relating to Java and CORBA.
comp.lang.java.databases	Databases, java.sql, JDBC, ODBC.
comp.lang.java.gui	GUI toolkits and windowing: AWT, IFC etc.
comp.lang.java.help	Set-up problems, catch-all first aid.
comp.lang.java.machine	JVM, native methods, hardware.
comp.lang.java.programmer	Programming in the Java language.
comp.lang.javascript	Netscape Communications Corp.'s JavaScript language.
comp.lang.java.security	Security issues raised by Java.
comp.lang.java.softwaretools	IDEs, browsers, compilers, other tools.
comp.lang.labview	Labview Software Discussion Group.
comp.lang.lisp		Discussion about LISP.
comp.lang.logo		The Logo teaching and learning language.
comp.lang.misc		Different computer languages not specifically listed.
comp.lang.ml		ML languages including Standard ML, CAML, Lazy ML, etc. (Moderated)
comp.lang.modula2	Discussion about Modula-2.
comp.lang.modula3	Discussion about the Modula-3 language.
comp.lang.mumps		The M (MUMPS) language & technology, in general.
comp.lang.oberon	The Oberon language and system.
comp.lang.objective-c	The Objective-C language and environment.
comp.lang.pascal.ansi-iso	Pascal according to ANSI and ISO standards.
comp.lang.pascal.borland	Borland's Pascal.
comp.lang.pascal.delphi.components.misc	General component issues.
comp.lang.pascal.delphi.databases	Database aspects of Borland Delphi.
comp.lang.pascal.delphi.misc	General issues with Borland Delphi.
comp.lang.pascal.mac	Macintosh based Pascals.
comp.lang.pascal.misc	Pascal in general and ungrouped Pascals.
comp.lang.perl.announce	Announcements about Perl. (Moderated)
comp.lang.perl.misc	The Perl language in general.
comp.lang.perl.moderated	Perl language. (Moderated)
comp.lang.perl.modules	Use and development of Perl modules.
comp.lang.perl.tk	Using Tk (and X) from Perl.
comp.lang.php		PHP, server side scripting.
comp.lang.pl1		PL/I language discussions.
comp.lang.pop		Pop11 and the Plug user group.
comp.lang.postscript	The PostScript Page Description Language.
comp.lang.prolog	Discussion about PROLOG.
comp.lang.python.announce	Announcements about the Python language. (Moderated)
comp.lang.python	The Python computer language.
comp.lang.rexx		The REXX command language.
comp.lang.ruby		The Ruby dynamic OO programming language.
comp.lang.scheme.scsh	SCSH - the Scheme Shell.
comp.lang.scheme	The Scheme Programming language.
comp.lang.smalltalk.advocacy	Discussion of Smalltalk Language pros/cons.
comp.lang.smalltalk	Discussion about Smalltalk 80.
comp.lang.smalltalk.dolphin	The Dolphin variant of the Smalltalk language.
comp.lang.tcl		The Tcl programming language and related tools.
comp.lang.verilog	Discussing Verilog and PLI.
comp.lang.vhdl		VHSIC Hardware Description Language, IEEE 1076/87.
comp.lang.vrml		Virtual Reality Modeling Language discussion.
comp.lang.xharbour	xHarbour programming, Clipper, and xBase.
comp.lsi		Large scale integrated circuits.
comp.lsi.testing	Testing of electronic circuits.
comp.mail.elm		Discussion and fixes for the ELM mail system.
comp.mail.eudora.mac	Eudora email software for Macintosh.
comp.mail.eudora.ms-windows	Eudora email software for MS Windows.
comp.mail.headers	Gatewayed from the Internet header-people list.
comp.mail.imap		Discussion of IMAP-based mail systems.
comp.mail.list-admin.software	Software used in the running of mailing lists.
comp.mail.mh		The UCI version of the Rand Message Handling system.
comp.mail.mime		Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions of RFC 1341.
comp.mail.misc		General discussions about computer mail.
comp.mail.mutt		The Mutt E-Mail Client.
comp.mail.pegasus-mail.misc	Pegasus Mail for DOS and Macs, and Mercury Mail.
comp.mail.pegasus-mail.ms-windows	Discussion of Pegasus Mail for Windows.
comp.mail.pine		The PINE mail user agent.
comp.mail.sendmail	Configuring and using the BSD sendmail agent.
comp.mail.uucp		Mail in the uucp network environment.
comp.misc		General topics about computers not covered elsewhere.
comp.mobile.ipad	Mobile tablet PC running iPhone OS.
comp.multimedia		Interactive multimedia technologies of all kinds.
comp.music.midi		Computers as components in MIDI music systems.
comp.music.misc		Miscellaneous use of computers in music.
comp.music.research	The use of Computers in Music Research and Composition. (Moderated)
comp.newprod		Announcements of new products of interest. (Moderated)
comp.object.corba	OMG CORBA standard.
comp.object.logic	Integrating object-oriented and logic programming.
comp.object		Object-oriented programming and languages.
comp.org.acm		Topics about the Association for Computing Machinery.
comp.org.cauce		The Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial E-Mail. (Moderated)
comp.org.ieee		Issues and announcements about the IEEE & its members.
comp.org.lisp-users	Association of Lisp Users related discussions.
comp.org.uniforum	UniForum Association activities.
comp.org.usenix.roomshare	Finding lodging during Usenix conferences.
comp.org.usenix		USENIX Association events and announcements.
comp.org.user-groups.meetings	Planning for user group meetings and events.
comp.org.user-groups.misc	User group discussions in general.
comp.os.aos		Topics related to Data General's AOS/VS.
comp.os.coherent	Discussion and support of the Coherent operating system.
comp.os.cpm		Discussion about the CP/M operating system.
comp.os.geos.misc	GEOS O/S by Geoworks in general.
comp.os.geos.programmer	GEOS O/S Programming in general.
comp.os.linux.advocacy	Benefits of Linux compared to other operating systems.
comp.os.linux.alpha	Linux on Digital Alpha machines.
comp.os.linux.announce	Announcements important to the Linux community. (Moderated)
comp.os.linux.development.apps	Writing Linux applications, porting to Linux.
comp.os.linux.development.system	Linux kernels, device drivers, modules.
comp.os.linux.embedded	Linux operating system on embedded hardware.
comp.os.linux.hardware	Hardware compatibility with the Linux operating system.
comp.os.linux.m68k	Linux operating system on 680x0 Amiga, Atari, VME.
comp.os.linux.misc	Linux-specific topics not covered by other groups.
comp.os.linux.networking	Networking and communications under Linux.
comp.os.linux.portable	Linux OS on portable PCs.
comp.os.linux.powerpc	Linux systems running on PowerPC microprocessors.
comp.os.linux.security	Security and the GNU/Linux Operating System.
comp.os.linux.setup	Linux installation and system administration.
comp.os.linux.xbox	Linux on Xbox.
comp.os.linux.x		Linux X Window System servers, clients, libs and fonts.
comp.os.lynx		Discussion of LynxOS and Lynx Real-Time Systems.
comp.os.mach		The MACH OS from CMU & other places.
comp.os.magic-cap	Everything about General Magic's Magic Cap OS.
comp.os.minix		Discussion of Tanenbaum's MINIX system.
comp.os.misc		General OS-oriented discussion not carried elsewhere.
comp.os.msdos.4dos	The 4DOS command processor for MS-DOS.
comp.os.msdos.apps	Discussion of applications that run under MS-DOS.
comp.os.msdos.desqview	QuarterDeck's Desqview and related products.
comp.os.msdos.djgpp	DOS GNU C/C++ applications and programming environment.
comp.os.msdos.misc	Miscellaneous topics about MS-DOS machines.
comp.os.msdos.programmer	Programming MS-DOS machines.
comp.os.msdos.programmer.turbovision	Borland's text application libraries.
comp.os.ms-windows.advocacy	Speculation and debate about Microsoft Windows.
comp.os.ms-windows.apps.financial	MS-Windows financial & tax software.
comp.os.ms-windows.apps.misc	MS-Windows applications.
comp.os.ms-windows.apps.utilities.win95	Utility/add-on programs for Win95.
comp.os.ms-windows.apps.winsock.misc	Other Winsock applications.
comp.os.ms-windows.apps.word-proc	MS-Windows word-processing applications.
comp.os.ms-windows.ce	Microsoft Windows CE operating system.
comp.os.ms-windows.misc	General discussions about Windows issues.
comp.os.ms-windows.networking.misc	Windows and other networks.
comp.os.ms-windows.networking.tcp-ip	Windows and TCP/IP networking.
comp.os.ms-windows.networking.win95	Win95 to Novell, TCP/IP, other nets.
comp.os.ms-windows.networking.windows	Windows' built-in networking.
comp.os.ms-windows.nt.admin.misc	Windows NT system administration.
comp.os.ms-windows.nt.admin.networking	Windows NT network administration.
comp.os.ms-windows.nt.admin.security	Windows NT Security topics.
comp.os.ms-windows.nt.misc	General discussion about Windows NT.
comp.os.ms-windows.nt.setup.misc	Windows NT software setup.
comp.os.ms-windows.nt.software.backoffice	Windows NT BackOffice.
comp.os.ms-windows.nt.software.compatibility	Win NT software compatibility.
comp.os.ms-windows.nt.software.services	Windows NT system services software.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.controls	Controls, dialogs and VBXs.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.graphics	GDI, graphics and printing.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.memory	Memory management issues.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.misc	Programming Microsoft Windows.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.networks	Network programming.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.nt.kernel-mode	Windows NT driver development.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.ole	OLE2, COM and DDE programming.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.tools.mfc	MFC-based development for Windows.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.tools.misc	Windows Development tools.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.tools.winsock	Winsock programming.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.vxd	Windows VxD and driver development.
comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.win32	32-bit Windows programming interfaces.
comp.os.ms-windows.video	Video adapters and drivers for Windows.
comp.os.ms-windows.win95.misc	Miscellaneous Topics about Windows 95.
comp.os.netware.connectivity	Connectivity products (TCP/IP, SAA, NFS, MAC).
comp.os.netware.misc	General Netware topics.
comp.os.os2.advocacy	Supporting and flaming OS/2.
comp.os.os2.announce	Notable news and announcements related to OS/2. (Moderated)
comp.os.os2.apps	Discussions of applications under OS/2.
comp.os.os2.beta	All aspects of beta releases of OS/2 systems software.
comp.os.os2.bugs	OS/2 system bug reports, fixes and work-arounds.
comp.os.os2.ecomstation	Serenity Systems operating system eComStation.
comp.os.os2.games	Running games under OS/2.
comp.os.os2.mail-news	Mail and news apps/utils (on- & offline) under OS/2.
comp.os.os2.marketplace	Forsale/wanted; shopping; commercial ads; job postings.
comp.os.os2.misc	Miscellaneous topics about the OS/2 system.
comp.os.os2.multimedia	Multi-media on OS/2 systems.
comp.os.os2.networking.misc	Miscellaneous networking issues of OS/2.
comp.os.os2.networking.server	Administration of NetWare, Warp Server, etc.
comp.os.os2.networking.tcp-ip	TCP/IP under OS/2.
comp.os.os2.networking.www	World Wide Web (WWW) apps/utils under OS/2.
comp.os.os2.programmer.misc	Programming OS/2 machines.
comp.os.os2.programmer.porting	Porting software to OS/2 machines.
comp.os.os2.programmer.tools	Compilers, assemblers, interpreters under OS/2.
comp.os.os2.setup.misc	Installing/configuring OS/2; misc. hardware/drivers.
comp.os.os2.setup.storage	Disk/Tape/CD-ROM hardware/drivers under OS/2.
comp.os.os2.setup.video	Base video hardware/drivers under OS/2.
comp.os.os2.utilities	General purpose utils (shells/backup/compression/etc).
comp.os.os9		Microware's OS-9 real-time operating system.
comp.os.plan9		Plan 9 from Bell Labs. (Moderated)
comp.os.psos		The realtime operating system pSOS+.
comp.os.qnx		Using and developing under the QNX operating system.
comp.os.rsts		Topics related to the PDP-11 RSTS/E operating system.
comp.os.vms		DEC's VAX* line of computers & VMS.
comp.os.vxworks		The VxWorks real-time operating system.
comp.parallel		Massively parallel hardware/software. (Moderated)
comp.parallel.mpi	Message Passing Interface (MPI).
comp.parallel.pvm	The PVM system of multi-computer parallelization.
comp.periphs		Peripheral devices.
comp.periphs.printers	Information on printers.
comp.periphs.scanners	Technical discussion of scanners and imaging devices.
comp.periphs.scsi	Discussion of SCSI-based peripheral devices.
comp.programming.contests	Announcements & results of programming contests.
comp.programming.literate	Literate programming and LP tools. (Moderated)
comp.programming	Programming issues that transcend languages and OSs.
comp.programming.threads	All issues about multithreaded programming.
comp.protocols.dicom	Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine.
comp.protocols.dns.bind	Berkeley Internet Name Domain (BIND). (Moderated)
comp.protocols.kerberos	The Kerberos authentication server.
comp.protocols.kermit.misc	Kermit protocol and software.
comp.protocols.misc	Various forms and types of protocol.
comp.protocols.nfs	Discussion about the Network File System protocol.
comp.protocols.ppp	Discussion of the Internet Point to Point Protocol.
comp.protocols.smb	SMB file sharing protocol and Samba SMB server/client.
comp.protocols.snmp	The Simple Network Management Protocol.
comp.protocols.tcp-ip.domains	Topics related to Domain Style names.
comp.protocols.tcp-ip.ibmpc	TCP/IP for IBM(-like) personal computers.
comp.protocols.tcp-ip	TCP and IP network protocols.
comp.protocols.time.ntp	The network time protocol.
comp.publish.cdrom.hardware	Hardware used in publishing with CD-ROM.
comp.publish.cdrom.software	Software used in publishing with CD-ROM.
comp.publish.electronic.misc	General electronic publishing issues.
comp.publish.prepress	Electronic prepress.
comp.realtime		Issues related to real-time computing.
comp.risks		Risks to the public from computers & users. (Moderated)
comp.robotics.misc	All aspects of robots and their applications.
comp.robotics.research	Academic, government & industry research in robotics. (Moderated)
comp.security.firewalls	Anything pertaining to network firewall security.
comp.security.misc	Security issues of computers and networks.
comp.security.pgp.discuss	PGP and its implications.
comp.security.pgp.tech	Use of PGP, bug reports and help.
comp.security.pgp.test	Testing signing, encryption and decryption using PGP.
comp.security.ssh	SSH secure remote login and tunneling tools.
comp.security.unix	Discussion of Unix security.
comp.simulation		Simulation methods, problems, uses. (Moderated)
comp.society.futures	Events in technology affecting future computing.
comp.soft-sys.ace	ACE programming, porting, and systems.
comp.soft-sys.app-builder.forte	Discussion of Forte development software.
comp.soft-sys.app-builder.uniface	Uniface Client/Server App Development.
comp.soft-sys.business.sap	Discussion forum on SAP software.
comp.soft-sys.dce	The Distributed Computing Environment (DCE).
comp.soft-sys.gis.esri	ESRI GIS software and system implementation.
comp.soft-sys.math.maple	Maple computer mathematics discussion group.
comp.soft-sys.math.mathematica	Mathematica discussion group. (Moderated)
comp.soft-sys.math.scilab	Scientific software package Scilab.
comp.soft-sys.matlab	The MathWorks calculation and visualization package.
comp.soft-sys.octave	GNU Octave, language for numerical computations.
comp.soft-sys.powerbuilder	Application development tools from PowerSoft.
comp.soft-sys.ptolemy	The Ptolemy simulation/code generation environment.
comp.soft-sys.sas	The SAS statistics package.
comp.soft-sys.stat.spss	The statistical program package SPSS.
comp.soft-sys.wxwindows	Discussions related to wxWindows framework.
comp.software.arabic	Arabic script software. (Moderated)
comp.software.config-mgmt	Configuration management, tools and procedures.
comp.software-eng	Software Engineering and related topics.
comp.software.extreme-programming	Extreme Programming discussions.
comp.software.international	Finding, using, & writing non-English software.
comp.software.licensing	Software licensing technology.
comp.software.measurement	Discussions of software metrics.
comp.software.patterns	Design, organizational and other software patterns.
comp.software.shareware.announce	Shareware announcements. (Moderated)
comp.software.shareware.authors	Creation of shareware. (Moderated)
comp.software.testing	All aspects of testing computer systems.
comp.software.year-2000	Year 2000 compliance: projects and issues.
comp.sources.bugs	Bug reports, fixes, discussion for posted sources.
comp.sources.d		For any discussion of source postings.
comp.sources.games	Postings of recreational software. (Moderated)
comp.sources.testers	Finding people to test software.
comp.sources.wanted	Requests for software and fixes.
comp.specification.misc	Formal specification methods in general.
comp.specification.z	Discussion about the formal specification notation Z.
comp.speech.research	Speech technology research issues.
comp.speech.users	Issues related with using current speech technology.
comp.std.announce	Announcements about standards activities. (Moderated)
comp.std.c++		Discussion about C++ language, library, standards. (Moderated)
comp.std.c		Discussion about C language standards.
comp.std.misc		Discussion about various standards.
comp.sw.components	Software components and related technology.
comp.sys.3b1		Discussion and support of AT&T 7300/3B1/UnixPC.
comp.sys.acorn.advocacy	Why Acorn computers and programs are better.
comp.sys.acorn.announce	Announcements for Acorn and ARM users. (Moderated)
comp.sys.acorn.apps	Acorn software applications.
comp.sys.acorn.extra-cpu	Extra CPUs in Acorn computers.
comp.sys.acorn.games	Discussion of games for Acorn machines.
comp.sys.acorn.hardware	Acorn hardware.
comp.sys.acorn.misc	Acorn computing in general.
comp.sys.acorn.networking	Networking of Acorn computers.
comp.sys.acorn.programmer	Programming of Acorn computers.
comp.sys.amiga.advocacy	Why an Amiga is better than XYZ.
comp.sys.amiga.announce	Announcements about the Amiga. (Moderated)
comp.sys.amiga.applications	Miscellaneous applications.
comp.sys.amiga.audio	Music, MIDI, speech synthesis, other sounds.
comp.sys.amiga.cd32	Technical and computing talk for Commodore Amiga CD32.
comp.sys.amiga.emulations	Various hardware & software emulators.
comp.sys.amiga.games	Discussion of games for the Commodore Amiga.
comp.sys.amiga.graphics	Charts, graphs, pictures, etc.
comp.sys.amiga.hardware	Amiga computer hardware, Q&A, reviews, etc.
comp.sys.amiga.introduction	Group for newcomers to Amigas.
comp.sys.amiga.marketplace	Where to find it, prices, etc.
comp.sys.amiga.misc	Discussions not falling in another Amiga group.
comp.sys.amiga.morphos	All about Amiga-compatible MorphOS.
comp.sys.amiga.programmer	Developers & hobbyists discuss code.
comp.sys.amstrad.8bit	Amstrad CPC/PcW/GX4000 software/hardware.
comp.sys.apollo		Apollo computer systems.
comp.sys.apple2.comm	Apple II data communications.
comp.sys.apple2		Discussion about Apple II micros.
comp.sys.apple2.marketplace	Buying, selling and trading Apple II equipment.
comp.sys.apple2.programmer	Programming on the Apple II.
comp.sys.apple2.usergroups	All about Apple II user groups.
comp.sys.arm		The ARM processor architecture and support chips.
comp.sys.atari.8bit	Discussion about 8 bit Atari micros.
comp.sys.atari.advocacy	Attacking and defending Atari computers.
comp.sys.atari.announce	Atari related hard/software announcements. (Moderated)
comp.sys.atari.programmer	Programming on the Atari computer.
comp.sys.atari.st	Discussion about 16 bit Atari micros.
comp.sys.atari.st.tech	Technical discussions of Atari ST hard/software.
comp.sys.att		Discussions about AT&T microcomputers.
comp.sys.be.help	Help getting your Be{Box,OS} working.
comp.sys.be.misc	Miscellaneous BeOS/BeBox related topics.
comp.sys.cbm		Discussion about Commodore micros.
comp.sys.cdc		Control Data Corporation Computers (e.g., Cybers).
comp.sys.dec		Discussions about DEC computer systems.
comp.sys.dec.micro	DEC Micros (Rainbow, Professional 350/380).
comp.sys.encore		Encore's MultiMax computers.
comp.sys.handhelds	Handheld computers and programmable calculators.
comp.sys.hp48		Hewlett-Packard's HP48 and HP28 calculators.
comp.sys.hp.apps	Discussion of software and apps on all HP platforms.
comp.sys.hp.hardware	Discussion of Hewlett Packard system hardware.
comp.sys.hp.hpux	Issues pertaining to HP-UX & 9000 series computers.
comp.sys.hp.misc	Issues not covered in any other comp.sys.hp.* group.
comp.sys.hp.mpe		Issues pertaining to MPE & 3000 series computers.
comp.sys.ibm.as400.misc	IBM AS/400 miscellaneous topics.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.classic	The "classic" IBM PC and compatibles of the 1980s.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.demos	Demonstration programs which showcase programmer skill.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action	Arcade-style games on PCs.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure	Adventure (non-rpg) games on PCs.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.announce	Announcements for all PC gamers. (Moderated)
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.flight-sim	Flight simulators on PCs.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.misc	Games not covered by other PC groups.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.naval	PC computer games devoted to naval warfare.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg	Role-playing games on the PC.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.space-sim	PC space flight simulation games.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.sports	Discussion of sports games for the IBM PC.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic	Strategy/planning games on PCs.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.war-historical	Wargames based on historical conflicts.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware.cd-rom	CD-ROM drives and interfaces for the PC.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware.chips	Processor, cache, memory chips, etc.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware.comm	Modems & communication cards for the PC.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware.misc	Miscellaneous PC hardware topics.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware.networking	Network hardware & equipment for the PC.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware.storage	Hard drives & other PC storage devices.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware.systems	Whole IBM PC computer & clone systems.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware.video	Video cards & monitors for the PC.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.misc	Discussion about IBM personal computers.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.rt	Topics related to IBM's RT computer.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.games	Questions about using soundcards with games.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.misc	Soundcards in general.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.music	Music and sound questions using soundcards.
comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.tech	Technical questions about pc soundcards.
comp.sys.ibm.ps2.hardware	Microchannel hardware, any vendor.
comp.sys.ibm.sys3x.misc	IBM System/34, System/36, System/38 diverse topics.
comp.sys.intel		Discussions about Intel systems and parts.
comp.sys.laptops	Laptop (portable) computers.
comp.sys.laptops.thinkpad	IBM/Lenovo line of laptop computers.
comp.sys.m6809		Discussion about 6809's.
comp.sys.m68k		Discussion about 68k's.
comp.sys.m88k		Discussion about 88k-based computers.
comp.sys.mac.advocacy	The Macintosh computer family compared to others.
comp.sys.mac.apps	Discussions of Macintosh applications.
comp.sys.mac.comm	Discussion of Macintosh communications.
comp.sys.mac.databases	Database systems for the Apple Macintosh.
comp.sys.mac.games.action	Action games for the Macintosh.
comp.sys.mac.games.flight-sim	Flight simulator gameplay on the Mac.
comp.sys.mac.games.marketplace	Macintosh games for sale and trade.
comp.sys.mac.games.misc	Macintosh games not covered in other groups.
comp.sys.mac.games.strategic	Strategy/planning games on the Macintosh.
comp.sys.mac.graphics	Macintosh graphics: paint, draw, 3D, CAD, animation.
comp.sys.mac.hardware.misc	General Mac hardware topics not already covered.
comp.sys.mac.hardware.storage	All forms of Mac storage hardware and media.
comp.sys.mac.hardware.video	Video input and output hardware on the Mac.
comp.sys.mac.hypercard	The Macintosh Hypercard: info & uses.
comp.sys.mac.misc	General discussions about the Apple Macintosh.
comp.sys.mac.oop.misc	Object oriented programming issues on the Mac.
comp.sys.mac.portables	Discussion particular to laptop Macintoshes.
comp.sys.mac.printing	All about printing hardware and software on the Mac.
comp.sys.mac.programmer.help	Help with Macintosh programming.
comp.sys.mac.programmer.misc	Other issues of Macintosh programming.
comp.sys.mac.programmer.tools	Macintosh programming tools.
comp.sys.mac.scitech	Using the Macintosh in scientific & technological work.
comp.sys.mac.system	Discussions of Macintosh system software.
comp.sys.mac.wanted	Postings of "I want XYZ for my Mac."
comp.sys.mentor		Mentor Graphics products & the Silicon Compiler System.
comp.sys.mips		Systems based on MIPS chips.
comp.sys.misc		Discussion about computers of all kinds.
comp.sys.msx		The MSX home computer system.
comp.sys.ncr		Discussion about NCR computers.
comp.sys.net-computer.misc	Network Computers and related topics.
comp.sys.newton.marketplace	Newton-specific forsale, wanted & jobs.
comp.sys.newton.misc	Miscellaneous discussion about Newton systems.
comp.sys.newton.programmer	Discussion of Newton software development.
comp.sys.next.hardware	Discussing the physical aspects of NeXT computers.
comp.sys.next.marketplace	NeXT hardware, software and jobs.
comp.sys.next.misc	General discussion about the NeXT computer system.
comp.sys.next.programmer	NeXT related programming issues.
comp.sys.next.software	Function, use and availability of NeXT programs.
comp.sys.next.sysadmin	Discussions related to NeXT system administration.
comp.sys.northstar	Northstar microcomputer users.
comp.sys.oric		Oric computers (Oric1, Atmos, Telestrat, et cetera).
comp.sys.palmtops.pilot	The Pilot handheld computer.
comp.sys.palmtops	Super-powered calculators in the palm of your hand.
comp.sys.pen		Interacting with computers through pen gestures.
comp.sys.powerpc.advocacy	Why the PowerPC is Good/Evil (delete one).
comp.sys.powerpc.misc	Miscellaneous questions about PowerPC processors.
comp.sys.powerpc.tech	Programming and architecture of PowerPC processors.
comp.sys.prime		Prime Computer products.
comp.sys.psion.apps	Discussion about Psion specific programs.
comp.sys.psion.misc	Discussion about miscellaneous Psion related topics.
comp.sys.psion.programmer	Discussion about Psion programming.
comp.sys.pyramid	Pyramid 90x computers.
comp.sys.sgi.admin	System administration on Silicon Graphics's Irises.
comp.sys.sgi.apps	Applications which run on the Iris.
comp.sys.sgi.bugs	Bugs found in the IRIX operating system.
comp.sys.sgi.hardware	Base systems and peripherals for Iris computers.
comp.sys.sgi.marketplace	SGI-specific for sale, wanted and jobs.
comp.sys.sgi.misc	General discussion about Silicon Graphics's machines.
comp.sys.sinclair	Sinclair computers, eg. the ZX81, Spectrum and QL.
comp.sys.stratus	Stratus products, incl. System/88, CPS-32, VOS and FTX.
comp.sys.sun.admin	Sun system administration issues and questions.
comp.sys.sun.announce	Sun announcements and Sunergy mailings. (Moderated)
comp.sys.sun.apps	Software applications for Sun computer systems.
comp.sys.sun.hardware	Sun Microsystems hardware.
comp.sys.sun.misc	Miscellaneous discussions about Sun products.
comp.sys.sun.wanted	People looking for Sun products and support.
comp.sys.super		Supercomputers.
comp.sys.tandem		Tandem computers and related environments.
comp.sys.tandy		Discussion about Tandy computers: new & old.
comp.sys.ti		Discussion about Texas Instruments.
comp.sys.transputer	The Transputer computer and OCCAM language.
comp.sys.unisys		Sperry, Burroughs, Convergent and Unisys* systems.
comp.sys.wearables	Wearable computers and their applications. (Moderated)
comp.sys.xerox		Xerox 1100 workstations and protocols.
comp.sys.zenith.z100	Heath & Zenith computers, Z-100 series and others.
comp.terminals		All sorts of terminals.
comp.text.frame		Desktop publishing with FrameMaker.
comp.text.interleaf	Applications and use of Interleaf software.
comp.text.pdf		Adobe Acrobat and Portable Document Format technology.
comp.text.sgml		ISO 8879 SGML, structured documents, markup languages.
comp.text.tex		Discussion about the TeX and LaTeX systems & macros.
comp.text		Text processing issues and methods.
comp.text.xml		The Extensible Markup Language (XML).
comp.theory.cell-automata	Discussion of all aspects of cellular automata.
comp.theory		Theoretical Computer Science.
comp.unix.admin		Administering a Unix-based system.
comp.unix.aix		IBM's version of UNIX.
comp.unix.amiga		Minix, SYSV4 and other *nix on an Amiga.
comp.unix.aux		The version of UNIX for Apple Macintosh II computers.
comp.unix.bsd.386bsd.misc	386BSD operating system.
comp.unix.bsd.bsdi.misc	BSD/OS operating system.
comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce	Announcements pertaining to FreeBSD. (Moderated)
comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.misc	FreeBSD operating system.
comp.unix.bsd.misc	BSD operating systems.
comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc	NetBSD operating system.
comp.unix.bsd.openbsd.announce	OpenBSD announcements. (Moderated)
comp.unix.bsd.openbsd.misc	The OpenBSD operating system.
comp.unix.cray		Cray computers and their operating systems.
comp.unix.dos-under-unix	MS-DOS running under UNIX by whatever means.
comp.unix.internals	Discussions on hacking UNIX internals.
comp.unix.misc		Various topics that don't fit other groups.
comp.unix.programmer	Q&A for people programming under Unix.
comp.unix.questions	UNIX neophytes group.
comp.unix.sco.misc	SCO Unix, Systems, and Environments.
comp.unix.sco.programmer	Programming in and for SCO Environments.
comp.unix.shell		Using and programming the Unix shell.
comp.unix.solaris	Discussions about the Solaris operating system.
comp.unix.sys5.misc	Versions of System V which predate Release 3.
comp.unix.sys5.r4	Discussing System V Release 4.
comp.unix.tru64		Running, owning and administering Tru64 UNIX.
comp.unix.ultrix	Discussions about DEC's Ultrix.
comp.unix.unixware.misc	Products of Novell's Unix Systems Group.
comp.unix.user-friendly	Discussion of UNIX user-friendliness.
comp.unix.xenix.misc	General discussions regarding XENIX (except SCO).
comp.windows.misc	Various issues about windowing systems.
comp.windows.ui-builders.uimx	Using and augmenting the UIM/X UI Builder.
comp.windows.x.apps	Getting and using, not programming, applications for X.
comp.windows.x		Discussion about the X Window System.
comp.windows.x.intrinsics	Discussion of the X toolkit.
comp.windows.x.kde	The K Desktop Environment.
comp.windows.x.motif	The Motif GUI for the X Window System.
control.cancel		Cancel messages (no posting)
control.checkgroups	Hierarchy check control messages (no posting)
control.newgroup	Newsgroup creation control messages (no posting)
control.rmgroup		Newsgroup removal control messages (no posting)
control			Various control messages (no posting)
de.admin.infos		Infotexte zum Netz. <de-admin-infos@spamfence.net> (Moderated)
de.admin.lists		Fuer Statistiken. <de-admin-lists@42.to> (Moderated)
de.admin.misc		Allgemeine Themen zum Netz.
de.admin.net-abuse.announce	Massnahmen gegen Netzmissbrauch. <dan-aa@albasani.net> (Moderated)
de.admin.net-abuse.mail	E-Mail-Missbrauch.
de.admin.net-abuse.misc	Sonstiger Netzmissbrauch.
de.admin.net-abuse.news	Fehlverhalten im Usenet.
de.admin.news.announce	RFDs, CFVs, Zwischen- und Endergebnisse. <moderator@dana.de> (Moderated)
de.admin.news.groups	Diskussionen ueber (neue) Newsgruppen.
de.admin.news.misc	Sonstige Themen rund um NetNews.
de.admin.news.regeln	Regel- und Einspruchsdiskussion.
de.alt.0d		Test von Bots.
de.alt.admin		Neue de.alt-Newsgroups und deren Verbreitung.
de.alt.anime		Japanische Zeichentrickfilme.
de.alt.arnooo		Eigenwilliges Verhalten.
de.alt.astrologie	Sterndeuter und Horoskope.
de.alt.augenoptik	Auge - Brille - Kontaktlinse.
de.alt.comm.android	Googles Betriebssystem, Apps und passende Geraete.
de.alt.comm.datentausch-dienste	Peer-to-peer: Wie du mir, so ich dir.
de.alt.comm.iphone+ipad+co	Apples mobile Geraete und ihre Software.
de.alt.comm.mgetty	Discussion about the unix fax software mgetty+sendfax (english).
de.alt.comm.webzwonull	Soziale Netzwerke, Blogs, Wikis und Co.
de.alt.comp.cygwin+co	Unix meets MS Windows.
de.alt.comp.sap-r3	Betriebswirtschaftliche Standardsoftware SAP R/3.
de.alt.dateien.misc	Nicht-Text-Dateien ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.alt.dateien.weibsbilder	Bilder, Toene etc. von weiblichen Menschen.
de.alt.dummschwatz	Fuer die duemmsten und inhaltsleersten Postings.
de.alt.fan.aldi		Grossdiscounter und Discountkultur.
de.alt.fan.fastfood	Beinahe Essen.
de.alt.fan.fruehstyxradio	Fanclub der fruehaufstehenden Radiohoerer.
de.alt.fan.haraldschmidt	Fanclub der letzten Hoffnung der dt. Fernsehunterhaltung.
de.alt.fan.konsumterror	Sinn und Unsinn von Werbung.
de.alt.fan.pluesch	Plueschtiere: Aufzucht, Pflege und Knuddeln.
de.alt.fan.rrr		Die virtuelle Motorradfahrervereinigung RRR.
de.alt.fan.tabak	Die Tabakecke. <daftmod@tabak-net.de> (Moderated)
de.alt.flame		Fuer diejenigen die es nicht lassen koennen :-).
de.alt.folklore.computer	Anekdoten ueber Computer und ihre Benutzer.
de.alt.folklore.ddr	Niemand hat die Absicht, eine Newsgroup zu errichten!
de.alt.folklore.urban-legends	Die Spinne in der Yucca-Palme.
de.alt.folklore.usenet	Alte Kabalen & neue Anekdoten.
de.alt.games.konsolen	Zocken an Game Boy, Playstation & Co.
de.alt.games.schach	Das Spiel der Koenige.
de.alt.gruppenkasper	Endlosdiskussionen, Haarspaltereien etc.
de.alt.hoerfunk		Hoerfunk: Radio, Programme, Sendungen etc.
de.alt.mud		Alles ueber Multi-User-Dungeons.
de.alt.music.jazz	Vom Blues zur freien Musik.
de.alt.music.metal	Hard Rock, Metal aller Art und Verwandtes.
de.alt.naturheilkunde	Diskussion naturheilkundlicher Therapien.
de.alt.netdigest	Aktueller und klassischer Humor aus allen Netzen und IRC. <de-alt-netdigest@moderators.dana.de> (Moderated)
de.alt.paranormal	Uebernatuerliches, Unerklaerbares, Raetselhaftes.
de.alt.radio-scanner	Gedankenaustausch zwischen radio-scanner(Funkempfaenger)-Besitzern.
de.alt.rec.digitalfotografie	Digitalkameras und Zubehoer.
de.alt.rec.flugsimulation	Virtuelles Flugtraining am Rechner.
de.alt.rec.getraenke	Prost!
de.alt.rec.google-earth	Zeig mir die Welt.
de.alt.recovery.webauthor	Will markup for food.
de.alt.soc.knigge	Hoeflichkeit und gutes Benehmen im wirklichen Leben.
de.alt.soc.lesbischwul	Schwule, Bisexuelle, Lesben und ihr Leben.
de.alt.soc.punk		Kultur, Musik und Leben der Punks.
de.alt.soc.verschwoerung	Mitlesen verboten!
de.alt.sysadmin.recovery	Alles, was Systembetreuer aufmuntert.
de.alt.talk.kasper	Heimstatt der Usenet Kasper aller Art.
de.alt.talk.unmut	Daran reibe ich mich mit Genuss.
de.alt.technik.gps	Navigation - Trabanten zeigen uns den Weg.
de.alt.technik.misc	Wie funktioniert denn das?
de.alt.technik.waffen	Funktionsweise, Herstellung, (Nicht-)Anwendung.
de.alt.test.moderated	Tests von Moderationssoftware. <de-alt-test-moderated@moderation.szaf.org> (Moderated)
de.alt.test		Tests im de.alt-Teilnetz. Achtung Reflektoren!
de.alt.ufo		Unidentifizierte fliegende Objekte und ihre Freunde.
de.answers		Fundgruppe fuer regelmaessige deutschspr. USENET-Artikel. <news-answers@mit.edu> (Moderated)
de.comm.abuse		Missbraeuchliche Nutzung von Fax, Telefon, SMS etc.
de.comm.anbieter.festnetz.misc	Sonstiges zu Tk-Anbietern im Festnetz (z.B. Service).
de.comm.anbieter.festnetz.tarife	Tarife von Tk-Anbietern im Festnetz.
de.comm.anbieter.misc	Service und Tarife sonstiger/gemischter Angebote.
de.comm.anbieter.mobil	Service und Tarife von Tk-Anbietern im Mobilfunk.
de.comm.chatsystems	Chat-Systeme, IRC: Technik, Benutzung und Suchtbekaempfung.
de.comm.funk.amateur	Technik und Betriebstechnik des Amateurfunks.
de.comm.funk.cb		CB-Funk und anderer Jedermannsfunk.
de.comm.funk.misc	Sonstige Funkthemen.
de.comm.funk.vereine	Funkvereine und ihre Aktivitaeten.
de.comm.geraete.analog.misc	Sonstiges zum Plain Old Telephone System.
de.comm.geraete.isdn.misc	Alles sonstige zu ISDN-Geraeten.
de.comm.geraete.isdn.tk-anlage	Tk-Anlagen und a/b-Adapter im ISDN.
de.comm.geraete.misc	Sonstige Kommunikations-Geraete.
de.comm.geraete.mobil.misc	Sonstige mobile Endgeraete und Zubehoer.
de.comm.geraete.mobil.nokia	Besonderheiten der Nokia-Geraete.
de.comm.infosystems.misc	Sonstige Informationssysteme (Hyper-G, gopher, WAIS).
de.comm.infosystems.suchmaschinen	Finden und gefunden werden.
de.comm.infosystems.www.authoring.misc	Webseiten, (X)HTML, CSS und mehr.
de.comm.infosystems.www.pages.misc	Web-Seiten.
de.comm.internet.infrastruktur	Router, Topologie und Administrativa.
de.comm.internet.misc	Sonstige Themen zum Internet ausser Infosystems.
de.comm.internet.telefonie	Voice over IP (VoIP).
de.comm.misc		Kommunikation: Hardware, Protokolle und Probleme.
de.comm.protocols.misc	Sonstige Protokolle (IPX, DECnet, Appletalk etc).
de.comm.protocols.tcp-ip	TCP/IP-Themen.
de.comm.provider.mail	Zugangsunabhaengige E-Mail-Dienste.
de.comm.provider.metronet	Das ist metronet, das geht hier net.
de.comm.provider.misc	Provider und Online-Dienste ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.comm.provider.status	"Das Internet ist kaputt!" "Bei mir tut's aber!".
de.comm.provider.t-online	Online-Dienst T-Online.
de.comm.provider.usenet	Zugangsunabhaengige News-Dienste.
de.comm.software.40tude-dialog	News und Mails mit 40tude Dialog.
de.comm.software.browser.internet-explorer	Das WWW nach Microsoft-Art.
de.comm.software.browser.misc	WWW-Clients.
de.comm.software.crosspoint	UUCP- und Pointpaket CrossPoint fuer MS-DOS.
de.comm.software.forte-agent	News und Mail mit Forte (Free) Agent.
de.comm.software.gnus	Der News- und Mailclient im Emacs.
de.comm.software.mailreader.misc	Mailreader und Hilfsprogramme.
de.comm.software.mailreader.pegasus	Pegasus Mail (PMail/WinPMail).
de.comm.software.mailreader.the-bat	Mailen mit der Fledermaus.
de.comm.software.mailserver	Mailtransport und -zustellung.
de.comm.software.misc	Datenuebertragungssoftware ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.comm.software.mozilla.browser	Browser mit der Netscape-Gecko-Engine.
de.comm.software.mozilla.mailnews	Mail und News auf Basis von Mozilla.
de.comm.software.mozilla.misc	Sonstige Mozilla/Netscape-Themen.
de.comm.software.mozilla.nightly-builds	Tagesaktuelle, ungetestete Versionen.
de.comm.software.newsreader	Newsreader und Hilfsprogramme.
de.comm.software.newsserver	Konfiguration, Installation, Administration.
de.comm.software.outlook-express	Mail und News nach Microsoft-Art.
de.comm.software.webserver	Webserver-Konfiguration und -Administration.
de.comm.technik.dsl	Netzwerkverbindung und -zugang per DSL.
de.comm.technik.isdn	ISDN-Grundlagen (NT, Verkabelung, Protokoll).
de.comm.technik.misc	Sonstige Kommunikations-Grundlagen und -Technik.
de.comm.technik.mobil	Technik der Mobilkommunikations-Netze.
de.comm.uucp		UUCP: Protokolle, Programme und Probleme.
de.comp.audio		Verarbeitung von Audiodaten am Computer.
de.comp.cad		Computer Aided Design und Verwandtes inkl. Programmierung.
de.comp.datenbanken.misc	Datenbanken aller Art.
de.comp.datenbanken.ms-access	Die Software MS Access.
de.comp.datenbanken.mysql	Relationale Datenbanken mit MySQL.
de.comp.editoren	Text- und Hexeditoren.
de.comp.hardware.cpu+mainboard.amd	AMD-CPUs und passende Mainboards.
de.comp.hardware.cpu+mainboard.intel	Intel-CPUs und passende Mainboards.
de.comp.hardware.cpu+mainboard.misc	Prozessoren und Mainboards.
de.comp.hardware.drucker	Drucker und Plotter.
de.comp.hardware.graphik	Grafikkarten und Co.
de.comp.hardware.kuehlung+laermdaemmung	Waerme und Laerm bei Computern.
de.comp.hardware.laufwerke.brenner	CD-Brenner und DVD-Brenner.
de.comp.hardware.laufwerke.cd+dvd	Glaenzende Scheiben am Computer.
de.comp.hardware.laufwerke.festplatten	Festplattenlaufwerke.
de.comp.hardware.laufwerke.misc	Sonstige Laufwerke.
de.comp.hardware.misc	Sonstige Computer-Hardware.
de.comp.hardware.monitore	Computer-Displays aller Art.
de.comp.hardware.netzwerke.misc	Verkabeln, Vernetzen, Verschalten.
de.comp.hardware.netzwerke.wireless	WLAN, Bluetooth und Funknetze.
de.comp.hardware.scanner	Vom Blatt auf den Monitor.
de.comp.lang.assembler	Programmierung in Assembler.
de.comp.lang.c		Die Programmiersprache C (ISO, ANSI, K&R).
de.comp.lang.delphi.datenbanken	Lokale und Server-DBs, ODBC und BDE.
de.comp.lang.delphi.misc	Borlands Delphi, Anwendung + Programmierung.
de.comp.lang.delphi.non-tech	Allgemeinere Diskussionen.
de.comp.lang.dotnet.csharp	Programmierung in C#.NET.
de.comp.lang.dotnet.misc	Programmierung fuer .NET (CIL-Programmierung).
de.comp.lang.dotnet.vb	Programmierung in VB.NET.
de.comp.lang.forth	Forth, Anwendungen in Forth, Forth-Hardware.
de.comp.lang.iso-c++	ISO-konformes C++. <dclisocpp@elaboris.de> (Moderated)
de.comp.lang.java	Die Programmiersprache Java.
de.comp.lang.javascript	Programmiersprache JavaScript.
de.comp.lang.misc	Alle Programmiersprachen ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.comp.lang.pascal	Pascal, inkl. Turbo-.
de.comp.lang.perl.cgi	CGI-Programme in der Programmiersprache Perl.
de.comp.lang.perl.misc	Perl (von Larry Wall).
de.comp.lang.php	Fragen zu Anwendung und Programmierung von PHP.
de.comp.lang.python	Programmieren mit Python.
de.comp.lang.ruby	Programmieren mit Ruby, Ruby on Rails usw.
de.comp.lang.vbclassic	VisualBasic bis Version 6.
de.comp.misc		Uebrige Computerthemen.
de.comp.office-pakete.misc	Office-Pakete allgemein.
de.comp.office-pakete.ms-office.excel	Von der Zelle zur Tabelle.
de.comp.office-pakete.ms-office.misc	Microsoft-Office-Pakete.
de.comp.office-pakete.ms-office.outlook	Outlook - das Office im Griff.
de.comp.office-pakete.ms-office.powerpoint	Vortraege - schoen verpackt.
de.comp.office-pakete.ms-office.word	Aus Wort wird Text.
de.comp.office-pakete.staroffice.misc	OpenOffice.org und StarOffice.
de.comp.office-pakete.staroffice.writer	Textverarbeitung und Formeln.
de.comp.os.misc		Diverse Betriebssysteme (z.B. MVS, RTOS).
de.comp.os.msdos	MS-DOS und kompatible Betriebssysteme.
de.comp.os.ms-windows.anwendungssoftware	Start -> Programme.
de.comp.os.ms-windows.misc	Die Betriebssysteme der MS-Windows-Familie.
de.comp.os.ms-windows.netzwerke	Desktop -> Netzwerkumgebung.
de.comp.os.ms-windows.programmer	Programmierung unter MS-Windows.
de.comp.os.ms-windows.treiber	Systemsteuerung -> Hardware.
de.comp.os.os2		Die Betriebssysteme OS/2 und eComStation.
de.comp.os.unix.apps.gnome	Das GNU Network Object Model Environment.
de.comp.os.unix.apps.kde	Das K Desktop Environment.
de.comp.os.unix.apps.misc	Die Anwendungen von Unix.
de.comp.os.unix.bsd	Gottes eigenes Betriebssystem.
de.comp.os.unix.linux.hardware	Hardwarefragen zu Linux.
de.comp.os.unix.linux.misc	Alles, was sich nicht anders einordnen laesst.
de.comp.os.unix.misc	Unix-Systeme ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.comp.os.unix.networking.misc	Rund um Netzwerke und Kommunikation.
de.comp.os.unix.networking.samba	Unix tanzt Samba - mit Windows & Co.
de.comp.os.unix.programming	Programmierung unter Unix.
de.comp.os.unix.shell	Shell, Skripte und Tools.
de.comp.os.unix.x11	Alles zum X Window System unter Unix.
de.comp.os.vms		OpenVMS und VAX/VMS (Betriebssystem von DEC), FreeVMS.
de.comp.security.firewall	Sicherheit trotz Netz.
de.comp.security.misc	Computer- und Datensicherheit.
de.comp.security.virus	Viren, Wuermer, Trojanische Pferde usw.
de.comp.software.graphik	Grafik, insbesondere auf Computern.
de.comp.software.misc	Programme ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.comp.standards	Computerstandards und ihre Auswirkungen.
de.comp.sys.amiga	Allgemeine Themen des Rechners Amiga.
de.comp.sys.atari	Ataris, kompatible Systeme und Emulatoren.
de.comp.sys.handhelds.misc	Tragbare Mini-Computer allgemein.
de.comp.sys.handhelds.palm-pilot	Palm, PalmPilot und Pilot von 3Com & Co.
de.comp.sys.handhelds.psion	Die Psion-Serie und andere Geraete von Psion Inc.
de.comp.sys.mac.internet	Der Mac und das Internet.
de.comp.sys.mac.lokale-netze	Macs im (lokalen) Netzwerk.
de.comp.sys.mac.misc	Diskussion zum Mac.
de.comp.sys.mac.programmieren	Programmieren am und fuer den Mac.
de.comp.sys.mac.soc	Usertreffen, Erfahrungsberichte, Szene-Tratsch.
de.comp.sys.misc	Andere Systeme.
de.comp.sys.notebooks	Computer fuer moderne Nomaden.
de.comp.sys.novell	Rund um Novell NetWare.
de.comp.text.dtp	Desktop Publishing (DTP).
de.comp.text.misc	Textverarbeitung und elektronisches Publizieren allgemein.
de.comp.text.pdf	Mehr als Acrobat.
de.comp.text.tex	TeX, LaTeX & Co.: Fragen und Antworten, Diskussion und Codeschnipsel.
de.comp.text.xml	XML, Extensible Markup Language.
de.comp.tv+video	Fernsehen und Video am Computer.
de.comp.virtualisierung	VMware, XEN, Virtuozzo, Bochs und anderes.
de.etc.bahn.announce	Termine, Software, Web-Seiten.
de.etc.bahn.bahnpolitik	Bahnen zwischen Politik und Wirtschaft.
de.etc.bahn.eisenbahntechnik	Fahrzeug-, Infrastruktur- und Bautechnik.
de.etc.bahn.historisch	Bahnen aus alten Zeiten.
de.etc.bahn.misc	Bahnthemen ohne Spezialgruppe.
de.etc.bahn.stadtverkehr	Strassenbahn, U-Bahn, S-Bahn.
de.etc.bahn.tarif+service	Preise und Dienste.
de.etc.beruf.misc	Berufsbezogene Fragestellungen.
de.etc.beruf.selbstaendig	Existenzgruendung.
de.etc.fahrzeug.auto	Technik, Fahren, Geschichte und Zukunft.
de.etc.fahrzeug.misc	Sonstige Fahrzeuge.
de.etc.finanz.banken+broker	Die mit dem grossen Geld spielen.
de.etc.finanz.boerse	Geschehen an Wertpapierboersen.
de.etc.finanz.misc	Infos zu & Diskussion ueber Geld & Anlagen.
de.etc.finanz.software	Finanzsoftware.
de.etc.handel.auktionshaeuser	Drei, zwei, eins - meins?
de.etc.handel.misc	Was kostet die Welt?
de.etc.haushalt		Haushaltsfuehrung, -tips und -geraete.
de.etc.militaer		Ausruestung, Taktik, Strategie und Anekdoten.
de.etc.misc		Alles, was woanders nicht hinpasst.
de.etc.notfallrettung	Alles ueber mediz. und techn. Rettung, Brand- & Katastrophenschutz.
de.etc.post		Briefe, Paeckchen, Pakete.
de.etc.schreiben.lyrik	Selbstgeschriebene Lyrik und Kritiken.
de.etc.schreiben.misc	Sonstige Themen und Infotexte ueber das Schreiben.
de.etc.schreiben.prosa	Selbstgeschriebene Prosa und Kritiken.
de.etc.selbsthilfe.misc	Hilfe zur Selbsthilfe.
de.etc.sprache.deutsch	Die deutsche Sprache: Fragen, Antworten und Diskussionen.
de.etc.sprache.klassisch	Latein, Griechisch und Hebraeisch.
de.etc.sprache.misc	Das Sammelbecken fuer andere Sprachen.
de.markt.arbeit.biete	Stellenangebote. <de-markt-arbeit-biete@moderators.dana.de> (Moderated)
de.markt.arbeit.d	Kommentare, Fragen, Diskussionen.
de.markt.arbeit.suche	Stellengesuche. <dma-suche@moderators.dana.de> (Moderated)
de.markt.buecher	Buecher aller Art.
de.markt.comm		Angebote/Gesuche aus der Telekommunikation.
de.markt.comp.hardware.cpu+mainboard	CPUs, Mainboards, Kuehler u.ae.
de.markt.comp.hardware.graphik	Grafikkarten, Monitore und Zubehoer.
de.markt.comp.hardware.laufwerke	Laufwerke aller Art.
de.markt.comp.hardware.misc	Angebote/Gesuche fuer EDV-Hardware allgemein.
de.markt.comp.misc	Sonstige computerbezogene Angebote/Gesuche.
de.markt.comp.software	Angebote/Gesuche fuer Software.
de.markt.misc		Angebote/Gesuche. Aussagekraeftige Themen bitte!
de.markt.musik		Angebote/Gesuche im Musikbereich.
de.markt.wohnen		Angebote/Gesuche fuer Wohnraum (Kauf und Miete).
de.newusers.infos	Infos und periodische Postings fuer neue User. <de-newusers-infos@spamfence.net> (Moderated)
de.newusers.questions	Hilfe zum Usenet. <moderator@dnq.priggish.de> (Moderated)
de.org.ccc		Chaos Computer Club: Kreativer Umgang mit Technik.
de.org.mensa		Mensa: der weltweite Verein fuer Spass mit der Intelligenz.
de.org.misc		Organisationen ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.org.politik.misc	Politische Organisationen ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.org.politik.spd	Politik und Organisation der SPD.
de.rec.alpinismus	Alpinismus in allen seinen Erscheinungsformen.
de.rec.buecher		Rund ums Buch.
de.rec.denksport	Denksport aller Art.
de.rec.fahrrad		Alles rund um's Fahrrad.
de.rec.film.heimkino	Filmerlebnis im Wohnzimmer.
de.rec.film.misc	Film ab! Nicht nur im Kino.
de.rec.fotografie	Fotografie, EBV und verwandte Themen.
de.rec.garten		Gartenbau und Zimmerpflanzen.
de.rec.geocaching	Sachensuchen mit Satellitenunterstuetzung.
de.rec.heimwerken	Doityourself, Tips, Heimwerken.
de.rec.hoerspiel	Hoerspiele im Radio und auf Tontraegern.
de.rec.kunst		Darstellende, bildende und sonstige Kunst allgemein.
de.rec.luftfahrt	Ueber den Wolken.
de.rec.mampf		Alles, was mit Essen und Trinken etc. zu tun hat.
de.rec.misc		Diverse Themen im Bereich Freizeit.
de.rec.modelle.bahn	Alles ueber Modellbahnen.
de.rec.modelle.misc	Bau von und Spiel mit Modellen.
de.rec.motorrad		Alles rund ums Motorrad.
de.rec.motorroller	Alles rund um Motorroller.
de.rec.musik.hifi	HiFi-Audio-Technik.
de.rec.musik.klassik	Werke, Komponisten, Darbietende.
de.rec.musik.machen	Musizieren und Musikinstrumente.
de.rec.musik.misc	Musikbezogene Themen.
de.rec.musik.recherche	Titel, Texte, Noten: Suche, Identifikation und Analyse.
de.rec.musik.rock+pop	Rockmusik, Popmusik, Rhythm and Blues.
de.rec.orakel		Forum zur Veroeffentlichung der konzentrierten Weisheit des Orakels. <orakel-moderator@olymp.org> (Moderated)
de.rec.outdoors		Abseits der Zivilisation - naturnahe Freizeitbeschaeftigungen.
de.rec.reisen.camping	Klassisches Camping.
de.rec.reisen.misc	Sonstige Reisethemen.
de.rec.sf.babylon5.misc	Die SF-Fernsehserie "Babylon 5".
de.rec.sf.misc		Sonstiges im Bereich Speculative Fiction (Phantastik).
de.rec.sf.perry-rhodan	Perry Rhodan, die groesste Weltraumserie.
de.rec.sf.stargate	Stargate - Kommando SG1.
de.rec.sf.startrek	Der Weltraum - unendliche Weiten.
de.rec.spiele.brett+karten	Brett-, Karten- und Wuerfelspiele.
de.rec.spiele.computer.action	Ballern und Treten, was das Zeug haelt.
de.rec.spiele.computer.adventure	Adventurespiele.
de.rec.spiele.computer.misc	Computerspielthemen ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.rec.spiele.computer.rpg	Computer-Rollenspiele.
de.rec.spiele.misc	Sonstige Spiele aller Art.
de.rec.spiele.rpg.misc	Pen&Paper-Rollenspiele ohne eigene Gruppe.
de.rec.sport.budo	Kampfsport/-kunst, Selbstverteidigung und Meditation.
de.rec.sport.fussball	Der Ball ist rund.
de.rec.sport.gleitschirm	Gleitschirmfliegen und Haengegleiten.
de.rec.sport.golf	14 Schlaeger und ein Ball.
de.rec.sport.laufen	Joggen, Laufen, Rennen, Gehen und mehr.
de.rec.sport.misc	Sport allgemein.
de.rec.sport.motorsport.formel1	Die Formel1-Rennsportserie.
de.rec.sport.motorsport.misc	Sonstige Motorsport-Serien.
de.rec.sport.motorsport.motorrad	Motorrad-Rennsport.
de.rec.sport.segeln	Segeln und alles, was dazugehoert.
de.rec.sport.tauchen	Fragen zum Sporttauchen.
de.rec.tanz		Rund ums Tanzen in allen Formen.
de.rec.teich		Anlage, Pflege, Beobachtung von Teichen aller Art.
de.rec.tiere.aquaristik	Aquaristik.
de.rec.tiere.hunde	Rund um den Hund.
de.rec.tiere.katzen	Alles, was mit Katzen zu tun hat.
de.rec.tiere.misc	Alles rund um Tiere allgemein.
de.rec.tiere.pferde	Alles rund um Pferde.
de.rec.tv.lindenstrasse	Handlung, Schauspieler, Hintergruende.
de.rec.tv.misc		Ich glotz TV.
de.rec.tv.serien	Fortsetzung folgt.
de.rec.tv.simpsons	Matt Groenings Welt: Simpsons, Futurama ...
de.rec.tv.technik	Geraete und Technik fuer Fernsehen und Video.
de.sci.alternativ	Entgegen der herrschenden Lehrmeinung.
de.sci.architektur	Architektur, Bauwesen und Staedtebau.
de.sci.astronomie	Astronomie als Wissenschaft.
de.sci.biologie		Biologie als Wissenschaft.
de.sci.chemie		Chemie als Wissenschaft.
de.sci.electronics	Elektronik in Theorie und Praxis.
de.sci.genealogie	Familienforschung und verwandte Themen.
de.sci.geo		Geowissenschaften (inkl. Geographie).
de.sci.geschichte	Geschichtswissenschaft.
de.sci.informatik.ki	Kuenstliche Intelligenz.
de.sci.informatik.misc	Wissenschaftliche Themen rund um Informatik.
de.sci.ing.elektrotechnik	Elektrotechnik, VDE-Normung und elektrische Sicherheit.
de.sci.ing.misc		Ingenieurwissenschaften.
de.sci.mathematik	Reine und angewandte Mathematik.
de.sci.medizin.diabetes	Diabetes-Forum.
de.sci.medizin.misc	Rund um die Medizin.
de.sci.medizin.psychiatrie	Psychiatrische Themen im Trialog.
de.sci.meteorologie	Wetter, Klima und Meteorologie.
de.sci.misc		Diverse Themen aus der Wissenschaft.
de.sci.oekonomie	Wirtschaftswissenschaften.
de.sci.philosophie	Philosophie als Wissenschaft.
de.sci.physik		Physik.
de.sci.psychologie	Psychologie.
de.sci.raumfahrt	Missionen, Technik, Forschung.
de.sci.theologie	Religionswissenschaften und Theologie.
de.soc.arbeit		News und Diskussionen zum Thema Arbeit.
de.soc.arbeitslos	Arbeits- oder Erwerbslosigkeit.
de.soc.datenschutz	Datenschutzthemen.
de.soc.drogen		Rauschmittel, Nutzen und Gefahren.
de.soc.familie.kinder	Die lieben Kleinen.
de.soc.familie.misc	Familie heute.
de.soc.familie.vaeter	Aspekte des Vaterseins. <dsfv-mod@dsf-vaeter.de> (Moderated)
de.soc.gleichberechtigung	Maenner und Frauen, ihre Rechte und Pflichten.
de.soc.handicap		Alles zum Thema Behinderung.
de.soc.kontakte.freizuegig	Private freizuegige Kontaktanzeigen.
de.soc.kontakte.misc	Sonstige private Kontaktanzeigen.
de.soc.kultur.misc	Kulturelle Themen.
de.soc.medien.misc	Medien, Publizistik, Oeffentlichkeitsarbeit.
de.soc.medien.rundfunkfinanzierung	Schon GEZahlt?
de.soc.menschenrechte	Aktuelle Situation, Aufrufe, Aktionen und Meinungen.
de.soc.misc		Diverse gesellschaftliche Themen.
de.soc.politik.misc	Sonstige politische Diskussionen.
de.soc.politik.texte	Politische Texte und Dokumente.
de.soc.recht.arbeit+soziales	Arbeitsrecht und soziale Sicherung.
de.soc.recht.datennetze	Juristische Aspekte der Datenkommunikation.
de.soc.recht.familie+erben	Ehe-, Partnerschafts-, Familien- und Erbrecht.
de.soc.recht.marken+urheber	Marken-, Patent- und Urheberrecht.
de.soc.recht.misc	Diskussion um Rechtsfragen.
de.soc.recht.steuern+buchfuehrung	Steuerrecht und Rechnungslegung.
de.soc.recht.strafrecht	Keine Strafe ohne Gesetz.
de.soc.recht.strassenverkehr	Staendige Vorsicht und Ruecksichtnahme.
de.soc.recht.wohnen	Juristisches zu Miete und Wohneigentum.
de.soc.schule		Fuer das Leben lernen wir.
de.soc.senioren		Altenarbeit, -hilfe, -forschung, -politik.
de.soc.studium		Studium, Studienbedingungen usw.
de.soc.subkultur.bdsm	Sadomasochisten - Szene & Rituale.
de.soc.subkultur.gothic	Die schwarze Szene: Musik, Mode, Lifestyle und mehr.
de.soc.subkultur.misc	Sonstige Subkulturen.
de.soc.umwelt		Infos zu und sachliche Diskussion ueber Umweltfragen.
de.soc.usenet		Das Miteinander im Usenet.
de.soc.verkehr		Autos sowie umweltfreundlichere Verkehrsmittel.
de.soc.weltanschauung.buddhismus	Alles ueber Buddhismus.
de.soc.weltanschauung.christentum	Fragen zum Christentum allgemein.
de.soc.weltanschauung.islam	Islam als Religion und Kultur.
de.soc.weltanschauung.misc	Alles was nicht in den anderen d.s.w-Gruppen passt.
de.soc.weltanschauung.scientology	Rund um die Organisation Scientology.
de.soc.wirtschaft	Wirtschaft allgemein.
de.soc.zensur		Zensur.
de.talk.bizarre		Fuer Liebhaber des Unsinnigen, Hintergruendigen, Bizarren.
de.talk.jokes.d		Diskussion ueber Witze.
de.talk.jokes		Witze etc.
de.talk.liebesakt	Menschliche Geschlechtlichkeit.
de.talk.misc		Diverse Endlosthemen. ;-).
de.talk.romance		Zwischenmenschliche (Liebes-)Beziehungen.
de.talk.tagesgeschehen	Worueber man zur Zeit spricht.
de.test			Tests. Vorsicht Reflektoren!
ffm.admin		Es spricht der Admin. (Moderated)
ffm.ausgehen		Frankfurt geht aus.
ffm.fundgrube		Suchen, finden, bieten, feilschen.
ffm.internet		Reinkommen, klarkommen, rumkommen.
ffm.jobs		Wer hat was, wer will was?
ffm.kontakte		Es sucht es.
ffm.misc		Was sonst nirgends passt.
ffm.talk		Laber, Suelz, Dumschwall.
ffm.test		Nur fuer Tests.
ffm.weltuntergang	Es kommt!
fido7.aaa.support	Fidonet AAA.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.abakan.game.autostop	Fidonet ABAKAN.GAME.AUTOSTOP (Moderated)
fido7.adinf.support	Fidonet ADINF.SUPPORT - ADINF virus detector (Moderated)
fido7.aids-arc		Fidonet AIDS/ARC (Moderated)
fido7.aids.data		Fidonet AIDS.DATA (Moderated)
fido7.aids.dialogue	Fidonet AIDS.DIALOGUE (Moderated)
fido7.aids.drugs	Fidonet AIDS.DRUGS (Moderated)
fido7.aids.fr		Fidonet AIDS.FR (Moderated)
fido7.aids-hiv		Fidonet AIDS-HIV (Moderated)
fido7.aids.law		Fidonet AIDS.LAW (Moderated)
fido7.aids.nl		Fidonet AIDS.NL (Moderated)
fido7.aids.spiritual	Fidonet AIDS.SPIRITUAL (Moderated)
fido7.aids.women	Fidonet AIDS.WOMEN (Moderated)
fido7.alex.echo		Fidonet ALEX.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.alf-s.home.local	Fidonet ALF'S.HOME.LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.amm.links		Fidonet AMM.LINKS (Moderated)
fido7.amm.robots	Fidonet AMM.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.andrushatnik.pvt	Fidonet ANDRUSHATNIK.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.angarsk.general	Fidonet ANGARSK.GENERAL -    (Moderated)
fido7.announce.f2000	Fidonet ANNOUNCE.2000 (Moderated)
fido7.announce.newgroups	Fidonet ANNOUNCE.NEWGROUPS - newgroup/rmgroup/checkgroups (Moderated)
fido7.anti.human	Fidonet ANTI.HUMAN (Moderated)
fido7.arjz.support	Fidonet ARJZ.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.asian-nm.pvt	Fidonet ASIAN_NM.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.asy.info		Fidonet ASY.INFO - info from Asy Patrysheva (Moderated)
fido7.asy-s.talk	Fidonet ASY'S.TALK - for friends of Asy Patrysheva (Moderated)
fido7.at.beer		Fidonet AT.BEER (Moderated)
fido7.atom.info		Fidonet ATOM.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.atom.pvt		Fidonet ATOM.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.at.talk		Fidonet AT.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.aus.jokes		Fidonet AUS.JOKES (Moderated)
fido7.aviation.team	Fidonet AVIATION.TEAM (Moderated)
fido7.avp.support	Fidonet AVP.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.baby.mail.pvt	Fidonet BABY.MAIL.PVT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.baby.pvt		Fidonet BABY.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.bbslist.support	Fidonet BBSLIST.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.before.sysopka.after	Fidonet BEFORE.SYSOPKA.AFTER (Moderated)
fido7.bel.digest	Fidonet BEL.DIGEST (Moderated)
fido7.bel.files		Fidonet BEL.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.bel.general	Fidonet BEL.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.bel.jews		Fidonet BEL.JEWS (Moderated)
fido7.binkd		Fidonet BINKD (Moderated)
fido7.binkley.rus	Fidonet BINKLEY.RUS - generic BinkleyTerm (Moderated)
fido7.bink.plus.e	Fidonet BINK.PLUS.E - Bink/+ (English) (Moderated)
fido7.bink.plus		Fidonet BINK.PLUS - Bink/+ (Moderated)
fido7.bk.talks		Fidonet BK.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.blackmetal	Fidonet BLACKMETAL (Moderated)
fido7.blc.gate.ukraine	Fidonet BLC.GATE.UKRAINE (Moderated)
fido7.bocharoff.must.die	Fidonet BOCHAROFF.MUST.DIE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.bocharoff.unplugged	Fidonet BOCHAROFF.UNPLUGGED -      (Moderated)
fido7.bocharov.rulezz	Fidonet BOCHAROV.RULEZZ [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.bong		Fidonet BONG (Moderated)
fido7.bpack.support	Fidonet BPACK.SUPPORT - BPACK (Moderated)
fido7.brake-s.mailer.support	Fidonet BRAKE'S.MAILER.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.bynk.support.rus	Fidonet BYNK.SUPPORT.RUS (Moderated)
fido7.ca.echo		Fidonet CA.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.cafe.anonim	Fidonet CAFE.ANONIM (Moderated)
fido7.calm.delirium	Fidonet CALM.DELIRIUM (Moderated)
fido7.calm.echo		Fidonet CALM.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.capricorn.drugs	Fidonet CAPRICORN.DRUGS (Moderated)
fido7.cardinal.pvt	Fidonet CARDINAL.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.castle.info	Fidonet CASTLE.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.castle.therron	Fidonet CASTLE.THERRON (Moderated)
fido7.cb.radio		Fidonet CB.RADIO (Moderated)
fido7.cbx.telecom	Fidonet CBX.TELECOM (Moderated)
fido7.cherlite.pvt	Fidonet CHERLITE.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.christianos	Fidonet CHRISTIANOS (Moderated)
fido7.cka3ka.ctpahhoe.mecto	Fidonet CKA3KA.CTPAHHOE.MECTO (Moderated)
fido7.combats.ru	Fidonet COMBATS.RU -   www.combats.ru (Moderated)
fido7.crack		Fidonet $CRACK$ [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.crack.talks	Fidonet $CRACK$.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.crazy-lovers	Fidonet CRAZY_LOVERS - Crazy lovers (Moderated)
fido7.crazy.travels	Fidonet CRAZY.TRAVELS (Moderated)
fido7.crimea.talk	Fidonet CRIMEA.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.cris.fileecho	Fidonet CRIS.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.cris.hard		Fidonet CRIS.HARD (Moderated)
fido7.cris.lang		Fidonet CRIS.LANG (Moderated)
fido7.cris.talk		Fidonet CRIS.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.cris.test		Fidonet CRIS.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.ctepba.club	Fidonet CTEPBA.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ctpaha.betpa	Fidonet CTPAHA.BETPA (Moderated)
fido7.ctpahhoe.mecto	Fidonet CTPAHHOE.MECTO - CTPAHHOE MECTO (Strange place) (Moderated)
fido7.danger.atom	Fidonet DANGER.ATOM (Moderated)
fido7.dark.echo		Fidonet DARK.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.dec-fan.pvt	Fidonet DEC_FAN.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.delta.news	Fidonet DELTA.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.demex.news	Fidonet DEMEX.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.demo.design	Fidonet DEMO.DESIGN - Demo programs design (Moderated)
fido7.demo.dessign.uue	Fidonet DEMO.DESSIGN.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.dig.fidotech	Fidonet DIG.FIDOTECH [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.dig.fileecho	Fidonet DIG.FILEECHO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.dig.hacker	Fidonet DIG.HACKER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.dig.linux		Fidonet DIG.LINUX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.dig.modem		Fidonet DIG.MODEM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.dn.allfix		Fidonet DN.ALLFIX (Moderated)
fido7.dn.debate		Fidonet DN.DEBATE (Moderated)
fido7.dn.fileecho	Fidonet DN.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.dn.games		Fidonet DN.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.dn.intim		Fidonet DN.INTIM (Moderated)
fido7.dn.longlink-hub	Fidonet DN.LONGLINK&HUB (Moderated)
fido7.dn.music		Fidonet DN.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.dn.netgames	Fidonet DN.NETGAMES (Moderated)
fido7.dn.student	Fidonet DN.STUDENT (Moderated)
fido7.dn.talks		Fidonet DN.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.dn.tech-qa	Fidonet DN.TECH_QA (Moderated)
fido7.dn.tech-qa-home	Fidonet DN.TECH_QA_HOME (Moderated)
fido7.dn.test		Fidonet DN.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.dnz.humor		Fidonet DNZ.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.books	Fidonet DONBASS.BOOKS (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.commerce	Fidonet DONBASS.COMMERCE (Moderated)
fido7.donbass		Fidonet DONBASS (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.fileecho	Fidonet DONBASS.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.flirt	Fidonet DONBASS.FLIRT (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.games	Fidonet DONBASS.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.internet	Fidonet DONBASS.INTERNET (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.maniak	Fidonet DONBASS.MANIAK (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.music	Fidonet DONBASS.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.netgame	Fidonet DONBASS.NETGAME (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.network	Fidonet DONBASS.NETWORK (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.ottyag	Fidonet DONBASS.OTTYAG (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.talk	Fidonet DONBASS.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.test	Fidonet DONBASS.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.unix	Fidonet DONBASS.UNIX (Moderated)
fido7.donbass.virus	Fidonet DONBASS.VIRUS (Moderated)
fido7.dr.esperanto	Fidonet DR.ESPERANTO (Moderated)
fido7.eagle-s.echo	Fidonet EAGLE'S.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.eagle-s.technical.support	Fidonet EAGLE'S.TECHNICAL.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.echobman.rus	Fidonet ECHOBMAN.RUS - Echobman program (Moderated)
fido7.edgecity		Fidonet EDGECITY (Moderated)
fido7.eleven.files	Fidonet ELEVEN.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.eleven.talks	Fidonet ELEVEN.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.elf.ca		Fidonet ELF.CA (Moderated)
fido7.enet.soft		Fidonet ENET.SOFT (Moderated)
fido7.english-tutor	Fidonet ENGLISH_TUTOR -   (Moderated)
fido7.erop		Fidonet EROP (Moderated)
fido7.esib.fileecho	Fidonet ESIB.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.esib.games	Fidonet ESIB.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.esib.general	Fidonet ESIB.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.esib.humor	Fidonet ESIB.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.esib.programming	Fidonet ESIB.PROGRAMMING (Moderated)
fido7.esib.sex		Fidonet ESIB.SEX (Moderated)
fido7.esib.test.computer	Fidonet ESIB.TEST.COMPUTER (Moderated)
fido7.esib.test		Fidonet ESIB.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.esib.virtual.world	Fidonet ESIB.VIRTUAL.WORLD (Moderated)
fido7.esib.vplanets	Fidonet ESIB.VPLANETS (Moderated)
fido7.esperanto.rus	Fidonet ESPERANTO.RUS - Esperanto (Moderated)
fido7.evil.mp3		Fidonet EVIL.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.express.pvt	Fidonet EXPRESS.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f1072.compnews	Fidonet 1072.COMPNEWS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.f1072.compnews.talk	Fidonet 1072.COMPNEWS.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.f109.pvt		Fidonet 109.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f115.link		Fidonet 115.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.f130.link.pvt	Fidonet 130.LINK.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f130.link.talk	Fidonet 130.LINK.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.f13.pvt		Fidonet 13.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f140.pvt		Fidonet 140.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f140.robots	Fidonet 140.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.f144.announce	Fidonet 144.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.f144.echo		Fidonet 144.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.f144.links	Fidonet 144.LINKS (Moderated)
fido7.f144.statistics	Fidonet 144.STATISTICS (Moderated)
fido7.f146.pvt		Fidonet 146.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f157.pvt		Fidonet 157.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f157.robots	Fidonet 157.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.f157.test		Fidonet 157.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.f1592.pvt		Fidonet 1592.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f159.pvt		Fidonet 159.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f199.robots	Fidonet 199.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.f201.pvt		Fidonet 201.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f201.robots	Fidonet 201.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.f204.pvt		Fidonet 204.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f204.robots	Fidonet 204.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.f214.announce	Fidonet 214.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.f214.echo		Fidonet 214.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.f214.pvt		Fidonet 214.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f21.news		Fidonet 21.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.f231.pvt		Fidonet 231.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f268.pvt		Fidonet 268.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f268.robots	Fidonet 268.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.f269.local	Fidonet 269.LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.f269.official	Fidonet 269.OFFICIAL (Moderated)
fido7.f269.robots	Fidonet 269.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.f269.xla		Fidonet 269.XLA (Moderated)
fido7.f306.pvt		Fidonet 306.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f308.radio.roks	Fidonet 308.RADIO.ROKS (Moderated)
fido7.f350.local	Fidonet 350.LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.f352.pvt		Fidonet 352.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f366.pvt		Fidonet 366.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f392.local	Fidonet 392.LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.f400.file		Fidonet 400.FILE (Moderated)
fido7.f400.link.bridge	Fidonet 400.LINK.BRIDGE (Moderated)
fido7.f400.link		Fidonet 400.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.f400.sysop	Fidonet 400.SYSOP (Moderated)
fido7.f400.test		Fidonet 400.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.f400.test.new	Fidonet F400.TEST.NEW - Test group (Moderated)
fido7.f413.pvt		Fidonet 413.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f41.echo		Fidonet 41.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.f41.files		Fidonet 41.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.f41.vgaplanets	Fidonet 41.VGAPLANETS (Moderated)
fido7.f431.pvt		Fidonet 431.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f431.techinfo	Fidonet 431.TECHINFO (Moderated)
fido7.f441.robots	Fidonet 441.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.f441.stat		Fidonet 441.STAT (Moderated)
fido7.f443.links	Fidonet 443.LINKS (Moderated)
fido7.f443.official	Fidonet 443.OFFICIAL (Moderated)
fido7.f487.talk		Fidonet 487.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.f5026-18.info	Fidonet 5026-18.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.f50314.local	Fidonet 50314.LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.f68.downlink	Fidonet 68.DOWNLINK (Moderated)
fido7.f68.pulse		Fidonet 68.PULSE (Moderated)
fido7.f68.pvt		Fidonet 68.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f68.techinfo	Fidonet 68.TECHINFO (Moderated)
fido7.f69.pvt		Fidonet 69.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f6i.support	Fidonet 6I.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.f75.pvt		Fidonet 75.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.f871.filtered	Fidonet 871.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.far.development	Fidonet FAR.DEVELOPMENT (Moderated)
fido7.far.support	Fidonet FAR.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.f.comp.pvt.sex	Fidonet F.COMP.PVT.SEX - sex (Moderated)
fido7.fe.business	Fidonet FE.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.fe.chainik	Fidonet FE.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.fe.fileecho	Fidonet FE.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.fe.game		Fidonet FE.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.fe.general	Fidonet FE.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.fe-help		Fidonet FE_HELP (Moderated)
fido7.fe.os2		Fidonet FE.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.fe.q-a		Fidonet FE.Q&A (Moderated)
fido7.fformat.support	Fidonet FFORMAT.SUPPORT - FFORMAT program support (Moderated)
fido7.fido-122.pvt	Fidonet FIDO_122.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.fido-122.robots	Fidonet FIDO_122.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.fido.anywhere	Fidonet FIDO.ANYWHERE - Fidonet software on non-MS/DOS (Moderated)
fido7.fidonet.history	Fidonet FIDONET.HISTORY - History of FidoNet in Russia (Moderated)
fido7.fido.registration	Fidonet FIDO.REGISTRATION - fidonet assoc. registration (Moderated)
fido7.filefix.f199	Fidonet FILEFIX.199 (Moderated)
fido7.filgen.support	Fidonet FILGEN.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.filtered.humor	Fidonet FILTERED.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.fiolent.talks	Fidonet FIOLENT.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.francophone.russe	Fidonet FRANCOPHONE.RUSSE (Moderated)
fido7.free.coders	Fidonet FREE.CODERS (Moderated)
fido7.freud		Fidonet FREUD (Moderated)
fido7.friends.pvt.talks	Fidonet FRIENDS.PVT.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ftned.rus		Fidonet FTNED.RUS (Moderated)
fido7.galaxy.game	Fidonet GALAXY.GAME - Galaxy PBM run by Zelax (Moderated)
fido7.german.rus.deutsch	Fidonet GERMAN.RUS.DEUTSCH (Moderated)
fido7.german.rus	Fidonet GERMAN.RUS (Moderated)
fido7.ger.rus		Fidonet GER.RUS.ALL (Moderated)
fido7.gpc.mailcommander	Fidonet GPC.MAILCOMMANDER - GPC Mailcommander prgm. (Moderated)
fido7.graphlog.support	Fidonet GRAPHLOG.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.greyrat.f403	Fidonet GREYRAT.403 (Moderated)
fido7.greyrat.link	Fidonet GREYRAT.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.greyrat-tech.f403	Fidonet GREYRAT_TECH.403 (Moderated)
fido7.group.blin	Fidonet GROUP.BLIN (Moderated)
fido7.group.dm.sqcc	Fidonet GROUP.DM.SQCC (Moderated)
fido7.group.technology	Fidonet GROUP.TECHNOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.gss.beta.testing	Fidonet GSS.BETA.TESTING [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.gss.general	Fidonet GSS.GENERAL [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.gss.partoss	Fidonet GSS.PARTOSS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.guitar.songs	Fidonet GUITAR.SONGS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.guitar.songs.filtered	Fidonet GUITAR.SONGS.FILTERED (Moderated)
fido7.guitar.songs.talk	Fidonet GUITAR.SONGS.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.hacking		Fidonet $HACKING$ (Moderated)
fido7.hello		Fidonet HELLO (Moderated)
fido7.hfro.local	Fidonet HFRO.LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.hippy.talks	Fidonet HIPPY.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.hot.bazaar	Fidonet HOT.BAZAAR (Moderated)
fido7.hottab.links	Fidonet HOTTAB.LINKS (Moderated)
fido7.house.of.fire	Fidonet HOUSE.OF.FIRE (Moderated)
fido7.houston.fileecho	Fidonet HOUSTON.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.houston.humor	Fidonet HOUSTON.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.houston.softhard	Fidonet HOUSTON.SOFTHARD (Moderated)
fido7.houston.talks	Fidonet HOUSTON.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.humor.filtered	Fidonet HUMOR.FILTERED - selected humor (Moderated)
fido7.humor.other	Fidonet HUMOR.OTHER (Moderated)
fido7.id.echo		Fidonet ID.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.id.news		Fidonet ID.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.ifmail		Fidonet IFMAIL - ifmail fidonet software (Moderated)
fido7.ifmail.plus	Fidonet IFMAIL.PLUS (Moderated)
fido7.imail-help	Fidonet IMAIL_HELP (Moderated)
fido7.inec.links	Fidonet INEC.LINKS (Moderated)
fido7.info.link		Fidonet INFO.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.info.prog		Fidonet INFO.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.interlink.programming	Fidonet INTERLINK.PROGRAMMING (Moderated)
fido7.interlink.talk	Fidonet INTERLINK.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.irc.fidorus	Fidonet IRC.FIDORUS (Moderated)
fido7.iskra.fileecho	Fidonet ISKRA.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.isra.rus		Fidonet ISRA.RUS (Moderated)
fido7.iv.echo		Fidonet IV.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.iv.general	Fidonet IV.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.iv.music		Fidonet IV.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.iv.planets	Fidonet IV.PLANETS (Moderated)
fido7.iv.pvt.exch	Fidonet IV.PVT.EXCH (Moderated)
fido7.izh.drink		Fidonet IZH.DRINK (Moderated)
fido7.ja-moscow		Fidonet JA_MOSCOW - Link Japan-Moscow (Moderated)
fido7.jet.phrases	Fidonet JET.PHRASES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kaktus.talk	Fidonet KAKTUS.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.kazan.general	Fidonet KAZAN.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.anekdot	Fidonet KHARKOV.ANEKDOT (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.announce	Fidonet KHARKOV.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.anomal	Fidonet KHARKOV.ANOMAL (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.aon.club	Fidonet KHARKOV.AON.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.as.ukrainian.city	Fidonet KHARKOV.AS.UKRAINIAN.CITY (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.ats	Fidonet KHARKOV.ATS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.authors	Fidonet KHARKOV.AUTHORS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.aviation.images	Fidonet KHARKOV.AVIATION.IMAGES (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.balka	Fidonet KHARKOV.BALKA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.balka.new	Fidonet KHARKOV.BALKA.NEW (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.balka.pvt	Fidonet KHARKOV.BALKA.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.beer	Fidonet KHARKOV.BEER (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.blacklog	Fidonet KHARKOV.BLACKLOG (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.blin	Fidonet KHARKOV.BLIN (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.blin.test	Fidonet KHARKOV.BLIN.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.bratki	Fidonet KHARKOV.BRATKI (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.bridge	Fidonet KHARKOV.BRIDGE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.business	Fidonet KHARKOV.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.business.robots	Fidonet KHARKOV.BUSINESS.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.buying.proposals	Fidonet KHARKOV.BUYING.PROPOSALS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.car	Fidonet KHARKOV.CAR (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.cats	Fidonet KHARKOV.CATS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.chainik	Fidonet KHARKOV.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.chgk	Fidonet KHARKOV.CHGK (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.chu	Fidonet KHARKOV.CHU (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.commerce	Fidonet KHARKOV.COMMERCE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.commerce.prmr	Fidonet KHARKOV.COMMERCE.PRMR (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.culture	Fidonet KHARKOV.CULTURE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.delphi	Fidonet KHARKOV.DELPHI (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.doom	Fidonet KHARKOV.DOOM (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.education	Fidonet KHARKOV.EDUCATION (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.engl	Fidonet KHARKOV.ENGL (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov		Fidonet KHARKOV (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.files	Fidonet KHARKOV.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.foreign.languages	Fidonet KHARKOV.FOREIGN.LANGUAGES (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.fox	Fidonet KHARKOV.FOX (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.friends	Fidonet KHARKOV.FRIENDS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.ftp	Fidonet KHARKOV.FTP (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.gamer	Fidonet KHARKOV.GAMER (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.gortransport	Fidonet KHARKOV.GORTRANSPORT (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.halyava	Fidonet KHARKOV.HALYAVA (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.hardw.pvt	Fidonet KHARKOV.HARDW.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.hiphop	Fidonet KHARKOV.HIPHOP (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.hire	Fidonet KHARKOV.HIRE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.hobbit	Fidonet KHARKOV.HOBBIT (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.html	Fidonet KHARKOV.HTML (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.images	Fidonet KHARKOV.IMAGES (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.internet	Fidonet KHARKOV.INTERNET (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.internet.html	Fidonet KHARKOV.INTERNET.HTML (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.internet.provider	Fidonet KHARKOV.INTERNET.PROVIDER (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.job	Fidonet KHARKOV.JOB (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.khture	Fidonet KHARKOV.KHTURE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.knowhow	Fidonet KHARKOV.KNOWHOW (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.kuznetsov	Fidonet KHARKOV.KUZNETSOV (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.laws	Fidonet KHARKOV.LAWS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.linux	Fidonet KHARKOV.LINUX (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.media.exchange	Fidonet KHARKOV.MEDIA.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.medic	Fidonet KHARKOV.MEDIC (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.mobila	Fidonet KHARKOV.MOBILA (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.mobile	Fidonet KHARKOV.MOBILE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.moda	Fidonet KHARKOV.MODA (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.music	Fidonet KHARKOV.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.naezd	Fidonet KHARKOV.NAEZD (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.netgame	Fidonet KHARKOV.NETGAME (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.os2	Fidonet KHARKOV.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pickup	Fidonet KHARKOV.PICKUP (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pidar	Fidonet KHARKOV.PIDAR (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.planets	Fidonet KHARKOV.PLANETS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.point	Fidonet KHARKOV.POINT (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.politica	Fidonet KHARKOV.POLITICA (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.politics	Fidonet KHARKOV.POLITICS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.proolyovka	Fidonet KHARKOV.PROOLYOVKA (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.psychology	Fidonet KHARKOV.PSYCHOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pvt.balka	Fidonet KHARKOV.PVT.BALKA (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pvt.delphi	Fidonet KHARKOV.PVT.DELPHI (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pvt.hardw	Fidonet KHARKOV.PVT.HARDW (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pvt.magick	Fidonet KHARKOV.PVT.MAGICK (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pvt.news	Fidonet KHARKOV.PVT.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pvt.talks	Fidonet KHARKOV.PVT.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.pvt.trep	Fidonet KHARKOV.PVT.TREP (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.rasta	Fidonet KHARKOV.RASTA (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.rock	Fidonet KHARKOV.ROCK (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.cars-trucks	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.CARS-TRUCKS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.chemical	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.CHEMICAL (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.computers	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.COMPUTERS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.constructions	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.CONSTRUCTIONS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.consume	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.CONSUME (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.energy	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.ENERGY (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.food	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.FOOD (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.household	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.HOUSEHOLD (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.machinery	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.MACHINERY (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.metals	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.METALS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sale.misc	Fidonet KHARKOV.SALE.MISC (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.s.audio-video	Fidonet KHARKOV.S.AUDIO-VIDEO (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.s.computers	Fidonet KHARKOV.S.COMPUTERS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.searching	Fidonet KHARKOV.SEARCHING (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.semenyaka	Fidonet KHARKOV.SEMENYAKA (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sex	Fidonet KHARKOV.SEX (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.s.machinery	Fidonet KHARKOV.S.MACHINERY (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.s.metals	Fidonet KHARKOV.S.METALS (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.software	Fidonet KHARKOV.SOFTWARE (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.spectrum	Fidonet KHARKOV.SPECTRUM (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.sport	Fidonet KHARKOV.SPORT (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.star	Fidonet KHARKOV.STAR (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.star.info	Fidonet KHARKOV.STAR.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.star.test	Fidonet KHARKOV.STAR.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.student	Fidonet KHARKOV.STUDENT (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.tormoz	Fidonet KHARKOV.TORMOZ (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.tpp	Fidonet KHARKOV.TPP (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.turist	Fidonet KHARKOV.TURIST (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.univer	Fidonet KHARKOV.UNIVER (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.unix	Fidonet KHARKOV.UNIX (Moderated)
fido7.kharkov.zoo	Fidonet KHARKOV.ZOO (Moderated)
fido7.kherson.night	Fidonet KHERSON.NIGHT (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.allfix.announce	Fidonet KIEV.ALLFIX.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.anecdot	Fidonet KIEV.ANECDOT - Anecdotes (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.anekdot	Fidonet KIEV.ANEKDOT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.anime	Fidonet KIEV.ANIME - //     . (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.ats		Fidonet KIEV.ATS (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.baby		Fidonet KIEV.BABY (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.bike		Fidonet KIEV.BIKE (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.blackwhite	Fidonet KIEV.BLACKWHITE (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.boba.eb	Fidonet KIEV.BOBA.EB (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.books	Fidonet KIEV.BOOKS -   . (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.cars		Fidonet KIEV.CARS (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.chainik.fido	Fidonet KIEV.CHAINIK.FIDO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.chainik	Fidonet KIEV.CHAINIK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.chainik.hard	Fidonet KIEV.CHAINIK.HARD [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.chainik.soft	Fidonet KIEV.CHAINIK.SOFT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.club		Fidonet KIEV.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.computer-world	Fidonet KIEV.COMPUTER_WORLD (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.delphi	Fidonet KIEV.DELPHI (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.exchange	Fidonet KIEV.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.fileecho	Fidonet KIEV.FILEECHO - packages search and announcements (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.flame	Fidonet KIEV.FLAME - flames (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.friends	Fidonet KIEV.FRIENDS (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.games	Fidonet KIEV.GAMES -     . (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.guitar	Fidonet KIEV.GUITAR (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.halyava	Fidonet KIEV.HALYAVA (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.home		Fidonet KIEV.HOME (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.job		Fidonet KIEV.JOB (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.kharkovsky	Fidonet KIEV.KHARKOVSKY (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.money	Fidonet KIEV.MONEY [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.mp3		Fidonet KIEV.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.music.exchange	Fidonet KIEV.MUSIC.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.music	Fidonet KIEV.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.netgames	Fidonet KIEV.NETGAMES - Network games (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.pda		Fidonet KIEV.PDA (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.pets		Fidonet KIEV.PETS (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.point	Fidonet KIEV.POINT (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.prog.pascal	Fidonet KIEV.PROG.PASCAL (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.school	Fidonet KIEV.SCHOOL (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.sex		Fidonet KIEV.SEX (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.sport	Fidonet KIEV.SPORT (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.students	Fidonet KIEV.STUDENTS (Moderated)
fido7.ki.ev.tor.moz	Fidonet KI.EV.TOR.MOZ (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.video	Fidonet KIEV.VIDEO (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.xchg.audvid	Fidonet KIEV.XCHG.AUDVID [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.xchg.cd	Fidonet KIEV.XCHG.CD [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.xchg.comp	Fidonet KIEV.XCHG.COMP [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.xchg.info	Fidonet KIEV.XCHG.INFO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kiev.xchg.other	Fidonet KIEV.XCHG.OTHER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.kitchen.pvt	Fidonet KITCHEN.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.klm.logs		Fidonet KLM.LOGS (Moderated)
fido7.kmr.fileecho	Fidonet KMR.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.kmr.game		Fidonet KMR.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.kmr.general	Fidonet KMR.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.kmr.softw		Fidonet KMR.SOFTW (Moderated)
fido7.kmr.verses	Fidonet KMR.VERSES (Moderated)
fido7.kn.bank		Fidonet KN.BANK (Moderated)
fido7.kn.commonplace	Fidonet KN.COMMONPLACE (Moderated)
fido7.kn.filefind	Fidonet KN.FILEFIND (Moderated)
fido7.kn.forward	Fidonet KN.FORWARD (Moderated)
fido7.kn.hardware	Fidonet KN.HARDWARE (Moderated)
fido7.kn.holiday	Fidonet KN.HOLIDAY (Moderated)
fido7.kn.naezd		Fidonet KN.NAEZD (Moderated)
fido7.kn.politic	Fidonet KN.POLITIC (Moderated)
fido7.kn.software	Fidonet KN.SOFTWARE (Moderated)
fido7.koenig.sysop	Fidonet KOENIG.SYSOP -     (Moderated)
fido7.krs.business	Fidonet KRS.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.krs.fileecho	Fidonet KRS.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.krs.flame		Fidonet KRS.FLAME (Moderated)
fido7.krs.flirt		Fidonet KRS.FLIRT (Moderated)
fido7.krs.general	Fidonet KRS.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.krs.link		Fidonet KRS.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.krs.test		Fidonet KRS.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.kus-ka.talks	Fidonet KUS'KA.TALKS - Olga Ipatows's friends (Moderated)
fido7.kwachi.prileteli	Fidonet KWACHI.PRILETELI (Moderated)
fido7.lars.allfix	Fidonet LARS.ALLFIX (Moderated)
fido7.layder.freedom	Fidonet LAYDER.FREEDOM (Moderated)
fido7.learning.to.swim	Fidonet LEARNING.TO.SWIM (Moderated)
fido7.links.f322	Fidonet LINKS.322 (Moderated)
fido7.links.f49		Fidonet LINKS.49 (Moderated)
fido7.links.f54		Fidonet LINKS.54 (Moderated)
fido7.links.fws		Fidonet LINKS.FWS (Moderated)
fido7.lobnya.talks	Fidonet LOBNYA.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.local.f153	Fidonet LOCAL.153 (Moderated)
fido7.local.f290	Fidonet LOCAL.290 (Moderated)
fido7.local.f441	Fidonet LOCAL.441 (Moderated)
fido7.local.f50		Fidonet LOCAL.50 (Moderated)
fido7.lotsman.local	Fidonet LOTSMAN.LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.lugansk.commerce	Fidonet LUGANSK.COMMERCE (Moderated)
fido7.lugansk.files	Fidonet LUGANSK.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.lugansk.games	Fidonet LUGANSK.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.lugansk.music	Fidonet LUGANSK.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.lugansk.soft-hard	Fidonet LUGANSK.SOFT&HARD (Moderated)
fido7.lugansk.talks	Fidonet LUGANSK.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.lviv.files	Fidonet LVIV.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.lviv.talks	Fidonet LVIV.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.lv.oracle		Fidonet LV.ORACLE (Moderated)
fido7.mac.creature	Fidonet MAC.CREATURE -    ?.. -  ! (Moderated)
fido7.madi.tu		Fidonet MADI.TU (Moderated)
fido7.madness.art	Fidonet MADNESS.ART (Moderated)
fido7.mariupol.talkes	Fidonet MARIUPOL.TALKES (Moderated)
fido7.mar.tm		Fidonet MAR.TM (Moderated)
fido7.max.frei		Fidonet MAX.FREI (Moderated)
fido7.maximus.planets	Fidonet MAXIMUS.PLANETS (Moderated)
fido7.max.klochkov	Fidonet MAX.KLOCHKOV - Max Klochkov's friends talks (Moderated)
fido7.med.echo		Fidonet MED.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.memento.mori	Fidonet MEMENTO.MORI (Moderated)
fido7.mentant.news	Fidonet MENTANT.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.mentant.robots	Fidonet MENTANT.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.mfe.allfix.mail	Fidonet MFE.ALLFIX.MAIL (Moderated)
fido7.mfe.soft		Fidonet MFE.SOFT - Moscow fileecho backbone (Moderated)
fido7.mg.business	Fidonet MG.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.mgsp.mgvk.army.mo	Fidonet MGSP.MGVK.ARMY.MO (Moderated)
fido7.miem.talk		Fidonet MIEM.TALK - MIEM students (Moderated)
fido7.mikdim.link	Fidonet MIKDIM.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.mikdim.robots	Fidonet MIKDIM.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.mikdim.test	Fidonet MIKDIM.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.mik-local		Fidonet MIK_LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.mindo.announce.antisex	Fidonet MINDO.ANNOUNCE.ANTISEX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.minkevich.talk	Fidonet MINKEVICH.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.mistress.pvt	Fidonet MISTRESS.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.mistress.rukodelie	Fidonet MISTRESS.RUKODELIE (Moderated)
fido7.mistress.rus	Fidonet MISTRESS.RUS - talks of sysop's wives (Moderated)
fido7.mistress.z1	Fidonet MISTRESS.Z1 (Moderated)
fido7.mixed.alcohol	Fidonet MIXED.ALCOHOL (Moderated)
fido7.mj.club		Fidonet MJ.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.mkt-dn.orgtech	Fidonet MKT-DN.ORGTECH (Moderated)
fido7.mkt-dn.other	Fidonet MKT-DN.OTHER (Moderated)
fido7.mntrack.support	Fidonet MNTRACK.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.advice		Fidonet MO.ADVICE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.aeroport	Fidonet MO.AEROPORT - 5020/47 links talks (Moderated)
fido7.mo.aesc		Fidonet MO.AESC (Moderated)
fido7.mo.akademicheskay	Fidonet MO.AKADEMICHESKAYA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.anti.dog	Fidonet MO.ANTI.DOG (Moderated)
fido7.mo.apartment	Fidonet MO.APARTMENT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.apartments	Fidonet MO.APARTMENTS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.apartments.talk	Fidonet MO.APARTMENTS.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.arbat		Fidonet MO.ARBAT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.babka		Fidonet MO.BABKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.baby.mgsu	Fidonet MO.BABY.MGSU (Moderated)
fido7.mo.balashikha	Fidonet MO.BALASHIKHA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.bbs		Fidonet MO.BBS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.beer		Fidonet MO.BEER - beer drinkers talks (Moderated)
fido7.mo.belyaevo	Fidonet MO.BELYAEVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.bicycle	Fidonet MO.BICYCLE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.bike		Fidonet MO.BIKE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.books.wanted	Fidonet MO.BOOKS.WANTED (Moderated)
fido7.mo.bootovo	Fidonet MO.BOOTOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.audio	Fidonet MO.CARS.AUDIO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.audi-vw	Fidonet MO.CARS.AUDI_VW (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.azlk	Fidonet MO.CARS.AZLK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars		Fidonet MO.CARS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.niva	Fidonet MO.CARS.NIVA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.offroad	Fidonet MO.CARS.OFFROAD (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.oka	Fidonet MO.CARS.OKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.repair	Fidonet MO.CARS.REPAIR (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.samara.club	Fidonet MO.CARS.SAMARA.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.streetracing	Fidonet MO.CARS.STREETRACING (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.work	Fidonet MO.CARS.WORK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cars.zaz	Fidonet MO.CARS.ZAZ (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cellular.mtc	Fidonet MO.CELLULAR.MTC (Moderated)
fido7.mo.center		Fidonet MO.CENTER (Moderated)
fido7.mo.chertanovo	Fidonet MO.CHERTANOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cheryomushki	Fidonet MO.CHERYOMUSHKI (Moderated)
fido7.mockba		Fidonet MOCKBA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.combat.arts	Fidonet MO.COMBAT.ARTS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.comtek		Fidonet MO.COMTEK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.cska		Fidonet MO.CSKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.d-d.ad-d	Fidonet MO.D&D.AD&D - Dungeons and Dragons etc. (Moderated)
fido7.mo.dec		Fidonet MO.DEC - DEC computers (Moderated)
fido7.mo.degunino	Fidonet MO.DEGUNINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.echo		Fidonet MO.ECHO - general talks (Moscow) (Moderated)
fido7.mo.economics	Fidonet MO.ECONOMICS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.extreme.boards	Fidonet MO.EXTREME.BOARDS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.fifa		Fidonet MO.FIFA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.file.attach	Fidonet MO.FILE.ATTACH (Moderated)
fido7.mo.file.find	Fidonet MO.FILE.FIND (Moderated)
fido7.mo.football.asm	Fidonet MO.FOOTBALL.ASM (Moderated)
fido7.mo.football	Fidonet MO.FOOTBALL (Moderated)
fido7.mo.gang		Fidonet MO.GANG (Moderated)
fido7.mo.go		Fidonet MO.GO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.golyanovo	Fidonet MO.GOLYANOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.golyanovo.racing	Fidonet MO.GOLYANOVO.RACING (Moderated)
fido7.mo.good.files	Fidonet MO.GOOD.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.mo.good.people.talks	Fidonet MO.GOOD.PEOPLE.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.gorbushka	Fidonet MO.GORBUSHKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.graffiti	Fidonet MO.GRAFFITI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.gusar		Fidonet MO.GUSAR (Moderated)
fido7.mo.halyava	Fidonet MO.HALYAVA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.halyava.sale	Fidonet MO.HALYAVA.SALE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.halyava.wanted	Fidonet MO.HALYAVA.WANTED (Moderated)
fido7.mo.hardcore	Fidonet MO.HARDCORE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.hardw.repair.wanted	Fidonet MO.HARDW.REPAIR.WANTED - Request for HW fixing (Moderated)
fido7.mo.hi-fi		Fidonet MO.HI-FI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.horoshevo-mnev	Fidonet MO.HOROSHEVO-MNEVNIKI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.horoshovo-mnev	Fidonet MO.HOROSHOVO-MNEVNIKI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.hovrino	Fidonet MO.HOVRINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.internet.halyava	Fidonet MO.INTERNET.HALYAVA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.izmailovo	Fidonet MO.IZMAILOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.izmailovo.talk	Fidonet MO.IZMAILOVO.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.job		Fidonet MO.JOB - job seeking and offering (Moderated)
fido7.mo.job.haltura	Fidonet MO.JOB.HALTURA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.job.service	Fidonet MO.JOB.SERVICE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.job.talk	Fidonet MO.JOB.TALK - Talk on job proposals (Moderated)
fido7.mo.jourfak	Fidonet MO.JOURFAK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.jungle		Fidonet MO.JUNGLE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.komtek		Fidonet MO.KOMTEK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.konkovo	Fidonet MO.KONKOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.krasnogorsk	Fidonet MO.KRASNOGORSK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.krasnogorsk.talk	Fidonet MO.KRASNOGORSK.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.krik		Fidonet MO.KRIK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.krylatskoe	Fidonet MO.KRYLATSKOE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.kuncevo	Fidonet MO.KUNCEVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.kuzminki	Fidonet MO.KUZMINKI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.lan.construction	Fidonet MO.LAN.CONSTRUCTION (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.audiovideo	Fidonet MOLDOVA.AUDIOVIDEO (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.bank	Fidonet MOLDOVA.BANK (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.bektop	Fidonet MOLDOVA.BEKTOP (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.beyond	Fidonet MOLDOVA.BEYOND (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.business	Fidonet MOLDOVA.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.cars	Fidonet MOLDOVA.CARS (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.cfg	Fidonet MOLDOVA.CFG (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.chainik	Fidonet MOLDOVA.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.cmex	Fidonet MOLDOVA.CMEX (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.communications	Fidonet MOLDOVA.COMMUNICATIONS (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.computers	Fidonet MOLDOVA.COMPUTERS (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.consumer	Fidonet MOLDOVA.CONSUMER (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.dtp	Fidonet MOLDOVA.DTP (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.echo	Fidonet MOLDOVA.ECHO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.fido.history	Fidonet MOLDOVA.FIDO.HISTORY (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.files	Fidonet MOLDOVA.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.fm.radio	Fidonet MOLDOVA.FM.RADIO (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.game	Fidonet MOLDOVA.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.general.chat	Fidonet MOLDOVA.GENERAL.CHAT (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.happy.birthday.f2.u	Fidonet MOLDOVA.HAPPY.BIRTHDAY.2.U (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.internet	Fidonet MOLDOVA.INTERNET (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.job	Fidonet MOLDOVA.JOB (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.languages	Fidonet MOLDOVA.LANGUAGES (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.law	Fidonet MOLDOVA.LAW (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.mistress	Fidonet MOLDOVA.MISTRESS (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.new.files	Fidonet MOLDOVA.NEW.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.new.point	Fidonet MOLDOVA.NEW.POINT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.news	Fidonet MOLDOVA.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.os2	Fidonet MOLDOVA.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.pascal	Fidonet MOLDOVA.PASCAL (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.pets	Fidonet MOLDOVA.PETS (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.planets	Fidonet MOLDOVA.PLANETS (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.point	Fidonet MOLDOVA.POINT (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.price	Fidonet MOLDOVA.PRICE (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.sneer	Fidonet MOLDOVA.SNEER (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.soft	Fidonet MOLDOVA.SOFT (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.student	Fidonet MOLDOVA.STUDENT (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.tech.f999	Fidonet MOLDOVA.TECH.999 (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.testing	Fidonet MOLDOVA.TESTING (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.tv	Fidonet MOLDOVA.TV (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.tv-sat	Fidonet MOLDOVA.TV&SAT (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.unix	Fidonet MOLDOVA.UNIX (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.uue	Fidonet MOLDOVA.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.videoclub	Fidonet MOLDOVA.VIDEOCLUB (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.vpa	Fidonet MOLDOVA.VPA (Moderated)
fido7.moldova.youth	Fidonet MOLDOVA.YOUTH (Moderated)
fido7.mo.lefortovo	Fidonet MO.LEFORTOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.leningradka	Fidonet MO.LENINGRADKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.leninsky.prospect	Fidonet MO.LENINSKY.PROSPECT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.limonozovo	Fidonet MO.LIMONOZOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.live		Fidonet MO.LIVE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.lublino	Fidonet MO.LUBLINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mai		Fidonet MO.MAI - MAI students (Moderated)
fido7.mo.make.money.fast	Fidonet MO.MAKE.MONEY.FAST (Moderated)
fido7.mo.make.money	Fidonet MO.MAKE.MONEY (Moderated)
fido7.mo.maket.talks	Fidonet MO.MAKET.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mami		Fidonet MO.MAMI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mandos		Fidonet MO.MANDOS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.maryino	Fidonet MO.MARYINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.maryino.mp3	Fidonet MO.MARYINO.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mei		Fidonet MO.MEI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.meliss		Fidonet MO.MELISS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mephi.b	Fidonet MO.MEPHI.B (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mephi		Fidonet MO.MEPHI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mesi		Fidonet MO.MESI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.metallica	Fidonet MO.METALLICA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.metro-universi	Fidonet MO.METRO_UNIVERSITET (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mgapi		Fidonet MO.MGAPI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mgatu		Fidonet MO.MGATU (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mggu		Fidonet MO.MGGU (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mgimo		Fidonet MO.MGIMO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mgiu		Fidonet MO.MGIU (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mgnd		Fidonet MO.MGND (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mgpu		Fidonet MO.MGPU (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mgta		Fidonet MO.MGTA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mgupp		Fidonet MO.MGUPP (Moderated)
fido7.mo.miem.prepod	Fidonet MO.MIEM.PREPOD (Moderated)
fido7.mo.miem.talk	Fidonet MO.MIEM.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.miigaik	Fidonet MO.MIIGAIK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mirea		Fidonet MO.MIREA - MIREA students [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mitinka	Fidonet MO.MITINKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mitino		Fidonet MO.MITINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mitxt		Fidonet MO.MITXT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mma		Fidonet MO.MMA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mmk		Fidonet MO.MMK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mpgu		Fidonet MO.MPGU (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mstuca		Fidonet MO.MSTUCA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mstu		Fidonet MO.MSTU (Moderated)
fido7.mo.msuab		Fidonet MO.MSUAB (Moderated)
fido7.mo.msuf		Fidonet MO.MSUF (Moderated)
fido7.mo.mtusi		Fidonet MO.MTUSI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.music.electro	Fidonet MO.MUSIC.ELECTRO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.music.exchange	Fidonet MO.MUSIC.EXCHANGE - music record exchange (Moderated)
fido7.mo.music.mp3	Fidonet MO.MUSIC.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.mo.nagatino	Fidonet MO.NAGATINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.nagatino.free	Fidonet MO.NAGATINO.FREE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.nagornaya	Fidonet MO.NAGORNAYA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.nashe.radio	Fidonet MO.NASHE.RADIO (Moderated)
fido7.monkey.island	Fidonet MONKEY.ISLAND (Moderated)
fido7.mo.novogireevo	Fidonet MO.NOVOGIREEVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.novokosino	Fidonet MO.NOVOKOSINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.ochakovo	Fidonet MO.OCHAKOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.olimp-derevnya	Fidonet MO.OLIMP_DEREVNYA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.onegod		Fidonet MO.ONEGOD - Monotheistic religions (Moderated)
fido7.mo.open.radio	Fidonet MO.OPEN.RADIO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.orekhovo	Fidonet MO.OREKHOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.os2.prog	Fidonet MO.OS2.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.mo.othernet	Fidonet MO.OTHERNET (Moderated)
fido7.mo.otradnoe	Fidonet MO.OTRADNOE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.paganishe	Fidonet MO.PAGANISHE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.party		Fidonet MO.PARTY (Moderated)
fido7.mo.party.halyava	Fidonet MO.PARTY.HALYAVA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.pechatniki	Fidonet MO.PECHATNIKI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.pelmeni	Fidonet MO.PELMENI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.peredelkino	Fidonet MO.PEREDELKINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.perovo		Fidonet MO.PEROVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.phrases	Fidonet MO.PHRASES - Phrases (Moderated)
fido7.mo.physics	Fidonet MO.PHYSICS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.phystech	Fidonet MO.PHYSTECH (Moderated)
fido7.mo.pickup		Fidonet MO.PICKUP (Moderated)
fido7.mo.piter		Fidonet MO.PITER (Moderated)
fido7.mo.pleshka	Fidonet MO.PLESHKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.poganishe	Fidonet MO.POGANISHE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.pool		Fidonet MO.POOL (Moderated)
fido7.mo.porno.video	Fidonet MO.PORNO.VIDEO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.preobragenka	Fidonet MO.PREOBRAGENKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.present	Fidonet MO.PRESENT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.presnya	Fidonet MO.PRESNYA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.proezdnoy	Fidonet MO.PROEZDNOY (Moderated)
fido7.mo.pxty		Fidonet MO.PXTY (Moderated)
fido7.mo.questions	Fidonet MO.QUESTIONS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.rally		Fidonet MO.RALLY (Moderated)
fido7.mo.ramenki	Fidonet MO.RAMENKI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.ramenskoe	Fidonet MO.RAMENSKOE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.rastaculture	Fidonet MO.RASTACULTURE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.reiki		Fidonet MO.REIKI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.repair		Fidonet MO.REPAIR (Moderated)
fido7.mo.restaurant	Fidonet MO.RESTAURANT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.reutovo	Fidonet MO.REUTOVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.rollers	Fidonet MO.ROLLERS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.rsuh		Fidonet MO.RSUH (Moderated)
fido7.mo.rudn		Fidonet MO.RUDN (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sails		Fidonet MO.SAILS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sale.battery	Fidonet MO.SALE.BATTERY (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sale		Fidonet MO.SALE - No commerce (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sale.talks	Fidonet MO.SALE.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.moscow-oklahom	Fidonet MOSCOW_OKLAHOMA (Moderated)
fido7.moscow.on-line	Fidonet MOSCOW.ON-LINE (Moderated)
fido7.moscow.pvt	Fidonet MOSCOW.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sheremetyevo	Fidonet MO.SHEREMETYEVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.shops		Fidonet MO.SHOPS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.silver.arrows	Fidonet MO.SILVER.ARROWS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.ski		Fidonet MO.SKI - Ski (Moderated)
fido7.mo.soft.exchange	Fidonet MO.SOFT.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.softexchange	Fidonet MO.SOFTEXCHANGE - noncommercial software exchange (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sokolinka	Fidonet MO.SOKOLINKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sokolniki	Fidonet MO.SOKOLNIKI (Moderated)
fido7.mo.solntsevo	Fidonet MO.SOLNTSEVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.solntsevo-pere	Fidonet MO.SOLNTSEVO-PEREDELKINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.stankin	Fidonet MO.STANKIN (Moderated)
fido7.mo.story		Fidonet MO.STORY (Moderated)
fido7.mo.strogino	Fidonet MO.STROGINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sysoeff	Fidonet MO.SYSOEFF - literature magazine (Moderated)
fido7.mo.sysoeff.talks	Fidonet MO.SYSOEFF.TALKS - About Sysoeff magazine (Moderated)
fido7.mo.taganka	Fidonet MO.TAGANKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.talk		Fidonet MO.TALK - general talks (Moscow) (Moderated)
fido7.mo.tcl		Fidonet MO.TCL (Moderated)
fido7.mo.tech		Fidonet MO.TECH (Moderated)
fido7.mo.teply.stan	Fidonet MO.TEPLY.STAN - General talks (Moderated)
fido7.mo.timiryazevskay	Fidonet MO.TIMIRYAZEVSKAYA (Moderated)
fido7.moto.magazin	Fidonet MOTO.MAGAZIN (Moderated)
fido7.mo.tourism.exch	Fidonet MO.TOURISM.EXCH (Moderated)
fido7.mo.tourism	Fidonet MO.TOURISM (Moderated)
fido7.mo.transport	Fidonet MO.TRANSPORT (Moderated)
fido7.mo.trash		Fidonet MO.TRASH (Moderated)
fido7.mo.tsaritsino	Fidonet MO.TSARITSINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.tushino	Fidonet MO.TUSHINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.tv		Fidonet MO.TV (Moderated)
fido7.mo.university	Fidonet MO.UNIVERSITY - Moscow university (Moderated)
fido7.mo.uz-univer	Fidonet MO.UZ&UNIVER (Moderated)
fido7.mo.vdnh		Fidonet MO.VDNH (Moderated)
fido7.mo.videomovies	Fidonet MO.VIDEOMOVIES (Moderated)
fido7.mo.vidnoe		Fidonet MO.VIDNOE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.vietnamka	Fidonet MO.VIETNAMKA (Moderated)
fido7.mo.vikhino	Fidonet MO.VIKHINO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.wanted		Fidonet MO.WANTED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.mo.weather	Fidonet MO.WEATHER (Moderated)
fido7.mo.welcome.net	Fidonet MO.WELCOME.NET (Moderated)
fido7.mo.xpicsex.talk	Fidonet MO.XPICSEX.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.yasenevo	Fidonet MO.YASENEVO (Moderated)
fido7.mo.zgrad.cars	Fidonet MO.ZGRAD.CARS (Moderated)
fido7.mo.zgrad		Fidonet MO.ZGRAD - Zelenograd chat (Moderated)
fido7.mo.zgrad.findfirst	Fidonet MO.ZGRAD.FINDFIRST (Moderated)
fido7.mo.zgrad.miee	Fidonet MO.ZGRAD.MIEE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.zgrad.talk	Fidonet MO.ZGRAD.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.mo.zhukovsky	Fidonet MO.ZHUKOVSKY (Moderated)
fido7.mo.zms.scenezone	Fidonet MO.ZMS.SCENEZONE (Moderated)
fido7.mo.znatok		Fidonet MO.ZNATOK (Moderated)
fido7.mp.lazy		Fidonet MP.LAZY (Moderated)
fido7.mp.link		Fidonet MP.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.mstu.talks	Fidonet MSTU.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.mu.general	Fidonet MU.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.mu.red-burda	Fidonet MU.RED_BURDA (Moderated)
fido7.n5020.autotest	Fidonet N5020.AUTOTEST (Moderated)
fido7.n5020.bone	Fidonet N5020.BONE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.n5020.crisis	Fidonet N5020.CRISIS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.n5020.new.nodes	Fidonet N5020.NEW.NODES (Moderated)
fido7.n5020.point	Fidonet N5020.POINT (Moderated)
fido7.n5020.point.talk	Fidonet N5020.POINT.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.n5025.cellular	Fidonet N5025.CELLULAR (Moderated)
fido7.n5026.info	Fidonet N5026.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.n5026.robo	Fidonet N5026.ROBO (Moderated)
fido7.n5028.echo	Fidonet 5028.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.n5039.delphi	Fidonet 5039.DELPHI (Moderated)
fido7.n5039.echo	Fidonet 5039.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.n5039.firewalls	Fidonet 5039.FIREWALLS (Moderated)
fido7.n5039.interest	Fidonet 5039.INTEREST (Moderated)
fido7.n5039.music	Fidonet 5039.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.n5039.news.weather	Fidonet 5039.NEWS.WEATHER (Moderated)
fido7.n5039.news.www.announce	Fidonet 5039.NEWS.WWW.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.n5039.robot	Fidonet 5039.ROBOT (Moderated)
fido7.n5049.os2		Fidonet 5049.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.n50509.general	Fidonet N50509.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.n5050.files	Fidonet N5050.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.n5050.game.doom	Fidonet N5050.GAME.DOOM (Moderated)
fido7.n5050.general	Fidonet N5050.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.n5050.notify	Fidonet N5050.NOTIFY (Moderated)
fido7.n5050.os2		Fidonet N5050.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.n5050.vp		Fidonet N5050.VP (Moderated)
fido7.n5050.x		Fidonet N5050.X (Moderated)
fido7.n5053.common	Fidonet N5053.COMMON (Moderated)
fido7.n5053.exchange	Fidonet N5053.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.n5053.files	Fidonet N5053.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.n5053.games	Fidonet N5053.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.n5053.music	Fidonet N5053.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.n5053.os2		Fidonet N5053.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.n5053.programming	Fidonet N5053.PROGRAMMING (Moderated)
fido7.n5053.ware	Fidonet N5053.WARE (Moderated)
fido7.n5060.talks	Fidonet N5060.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.nd.talk		Fidonet ND.TALK - NetDialogue talks (Moderated)
fido7.net467.talks	Fidonet NET467.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.news.answers	Fidonet NEWS.ANSWERS (Moderated)
fido7.nice.sources.d	Fidonet NICE.SOURCES.D - Nice C sources talks (Moderated)
fido7.nice.sources	Fidonet NICE.SOURCES - Nice C sources (Moderated)
fido7.night.talks	Fidonet NIGHT.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.nikolaev.bazar	Fidonet NIKOLAEV.BAZAR (Moderated)
fido7.nikolaev.computers	Fidonet NIKOLAEV.COMPUTERS (Moderated)
fido7.nikolaev.fileecho	Fidonet NIKOLAEV.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.nikolaev.joy	Fidonet NIKOLAEV.JOY (Moderated)
fido7.nikolaev.sysop	Fidonet NIKOLAEV.SYSOP (Moderated)
fido7.nikolaev.talks	Fidonet NIKOLAEV.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.no.carrier	Fidonet NO.CARRIER - general (Moderated)
fido7.nonprofit.technology	Fidonet NONPROFIT.TECHNOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.nordlink.talk	Fidonet NORDLINK.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.nordlink.wanted	Fidonet NORDLINK.WANTED (Moderated)
fido7.nsk.cheers	Fidonet NSK.CHEERS (Moderated)
fido7.nsk.general	Fidonet NSK.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.nsk.job		Fidonet NSK.JOB (Moderated)
fido7.nsk.music.exchange	Fidonet NSK.MUSIC.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.nsk.planets	Fidonet NSK.PLANETS (Moderated)
fido7.nsk.soft		Fidonet NSK.SOFT (Moderated)
fido7.nv.echo		Fidonet NV.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.obec.f3boh	Fidonet OBEC.3BOH (Moderated)
fido7.obec.filtered	Fidonet OBEC.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.obec.pactet	Fidonet OBEC.PACTET (Moderated)
fido7.odessa.broadcast	Fidonet ODESSA.BROADCAST (Moderated)
fido7.odessa.game	Fidonet ODESSA.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.odessa.joker	Fidonet ODESSA.JOKER (Moderated)
fido7.odessa.music	Fidonet ODESSA.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.odessa.netgame	Fidonet ODESSA.NETGAME (Moderated)
fido7.odessa.talks	Fidonet ODESSA.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.odessa.unix	Fidonet ODESSA.UNIX (Moderated)
fido7.old-nick-s.magazine	Fidonet OLD_NICK'S.MAGAZINE - literatue magazine (Moderated)
fido7.omni.nethack	Fidonet OMNI.NETHACK (Moderated)
fido7.omni.news		Fidonet OMNI.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.os.development	Fidonet OS.DEVELOPMENT (Moderated)
fido7.paradox.link.echo	Fidonet PARADOX.LINK.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.party.bulls	Fidonet PARTY.BULLS (Moderated)
fido7.party.clubs	Fidonet PARTY.CLUBS (Moderated)
fido7.party.dj		Fidonet PARTY.DJ (Moderated)
fido7.party.drink	Fidonet PARTY.DRINK (Moderated)
fido7.party.drugs	Fidonet PARTY.DRUGS (Moderated)
fido7.party.extreme	Fidonet PARTY.EXTREME (Moderated)
fido7.party.fashion	Fidonet PARTY.FASHION (Moderated)
fido7.party.forwards	Fidonet PARTY.FORWARDS (Moderated)
fido7.party.he-she	Fidonet PARTY.HE_&_SHE (Moderated)
fido7.party.music	Fidonet PARTY.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.party.news	Fidonet PARTY.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.party.poster	Fidonet PARTY.POSTER (Moderated)
fido7.party.talks	Fidonet PARTY.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.pavlograd.talks	Fidonet PAVLOGRAD.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.pc.coding		Fidonet PC.CODING (Moderated)
fido7.peheccahc		Fidonet PEHECCAHC (Moderated)
fido7.pepsi		Fidonet PEPSI (Moderated)
fido7.perm.os2		Fidonet PERM.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.phone.server	Fidonet PHONE.SERVER (Moderated)
fido7.pk.madmed		Fidonet PK.MADMED - MadMED program (Moderated)
fido7.pk.sqafix		Fidonet PK.SQAFIX - SqaFix program (Moderated)
fido7.podolsk.talk	Fidonet PODOLSK.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.policom.pro.info	Fidonet POLICOM.PRO.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.postmasters	Fidonet POSTMASTERS - Admin topics of fido7 hierarchy (Moderated)
fido7.profi.cpm		Fidonet PROFI.CPM - "Profi" (Z80) computer (Moderated)
fido7.programming.pearls.auditorium	Fidonet PROGRAMMING.PEARLS.AUDITORIUM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.programming.pearls	Fidonet PROGRAMMING.PEARLS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pskov.test	Fidonet PSKOV.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.pulp.boxing	Fidonet PULP.BOXING (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.anime.subtitle	Fidonet PVT.ANIME.SUBTITLE -    (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.arseniy.apache.fedoroff	Fidonet PVT.ARSENIY.APACHE.FEDOROFF (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.art.photo.talk	Fidonet PVT.ART.PHOTO.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.art.photo.uue	Fidonet PVT.ART.PHOTO.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.autostop	Fidonet PVT.AUTOSTOP (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.bala-gun	Fidonet PVT.BALA_GUN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.balakovo	Fidonet PVT.BALAKOVO (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.bani		Fidonet PVT.BANI (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.baranov.club	Fidonet PVT.BARANOV.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.bibirevo	Fidonet PVT.BIBIREVO (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.birulevo	Fidonet PVT.BIRULEVO (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.black-arrow	Fidonet PVT.BLACK_ARROW (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.black.metal	Fidonet PVT.BLACK.METAL [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.bootsman	Fidonet PVT.BOOTSMAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.bootsman.fwd	Fidonet PVT.BOOTSMAN.FWD (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.bootsman.robots	Fidonet PVT.BOOTSMAN.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.calcio.club	Fidonet PVT.CALCIO.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.car.exch	Fidonet PVT.CAR.EXCH (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.cat.club	Fidonet PVT.CAT.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.cat.club.talks	Fidonet PVT.CAT.CLUB.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.cat.story	Fidonet PVT.CAT.STORY (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.christmas	Fidonet PVT.CHRISTMAS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.club		Fidonet PVT.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.commerce	Fidonet PVT.COMMERCE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.commgate	Fidonet PVT.COMMGATE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.conan		Fidonet PVT.CONAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.cool		Fidonet PVT.COOL (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.cool.forwards	Fidonet PVT.COOL.FORWARDS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.copycat	Fidonet PVT.COPYCAT (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.cpss		Fidonet PVT.CPSS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.crazy.english.talks	Fidonet PVT.CRAZY.ENGLISH.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.crazy.home	Fidonet PVT.CRAZY.HOME (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.demex		Fidonet PVT.DEMEX (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.detsl		Fidonet PVT.DETSL (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.dev.unique	Fidonet PVT.DEV.UNIQUE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.dismember.support	Fidonet PVT.DISMEMBER.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.dog.afgan	Fidonet PVT.DOG.AFGAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.dreamers.art	Fidonet PVT.DREAMERS.ART (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.dreamers	Fidonet PVT.DREAMERS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.dune		Fidonet PVT.DUNE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.end.of.the.world	Fidonet PVT.END.OF.THE.WORLD (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.esoteric.club	Fidonet PVT.ESOTERIC.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.evil		Fidonet PVT.EVIL (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exchange.computer	Fidonet PVT.EXCHANGE.COMPUTER (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.apartment	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.APARTMENT (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.audiovideo	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.AUDIOVIDEO - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.black.log	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.BLACK.LOG - Noncommercial exchange [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.black.log.talk	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.BLACK.LOG.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.cars	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.CARS - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.cd	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.CD (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.cellular	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.CELLULAR [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.comm	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.COMM - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.comp	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.COMP - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.computer	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.COMPUTER - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.computers	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.COMPUTERS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.el.parts	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.EL.PARTS - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.mobile	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.MOBILE - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.notebook	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.NOTEBOOK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.notebooks	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.NOTEBOOKS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.other	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.OTHER - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.pc	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.PC - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.pricelist.comp	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.PRICELIST.COMP [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.pricelist	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.PRICELIST - Noncommercial exchange [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.service	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.SERVICE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exch.talk	Fidonet PVT.EXCH.TALK - Noncommercial exchange (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exler		Fidonet PVT.EXLER (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.exler.filtered	Fidonet PVT.EXLER.FILTERED (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.f113		Fidonet PVT.113 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.f1		Fidonet PVT.1 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.f2020		Fidonet PVT.2020 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.f301		Fidonet PVT.301 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.f317.lamerz.talk	Fidonet PVT.317.LAMERZ.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.f450.forwards	Fidonet PVT.450.FORWARDS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.f48		Fidonet PVT.48 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.f79.scorpion.bbs	Fidonet PVT.79.SCORPION.BBS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.fidolook	Fidonet PVT.FIDOLOOK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.flirt		Fidonet PVT.FLIRT - flirt (NO marital advert.!) (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.florida	Fidonet PVT.FLORIDA (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.forex		Fidonet PVT.FOREX (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.formula1	Fidonet PVT.FORMULA1 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.freelove	Fidonet PVT.FREELOVE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.gentlemen.club	Fidonet PVT.GENTLEMEN.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.girls		Fidonet PVT.GIRLS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.golos.off	Fidonet PVT.GOLOS.OFF (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.hackers	Fidonet PVT.HACKERS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.hardw.max2plus	Fidonet PVT.HARDW.MAX2PLUS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.hardw.pc.x86.cpu	Fidonet PVT.HARDW.PC.X86.CPU (Moderated)
fido7.pvt-hck		Fidonet PVT$HCK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.highhill	Fidonet PVT.HIGHHILL (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.home		Fidonet PVT.HOME (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.horses.club	Fidonet PVT.HORSES.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.humor		Fidonet PVT.HUMOR [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.iba.robots.talks	Fidonet PVT.IBA.ROBOTS.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.incorporated	Fidonet PVT.INCORPORATED (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.interlan	Fidonet PVT.INTERLAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.internet.url	Fidonet PVT.INTERNET.URL (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.irisha.talk	Fidonet PVT.IRISHA.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.ivanyan	Fidonet PVT.IVANYAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.jack		Fidonet PVT.JACK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.kam-nh	Fidonet PVT.KAM-NH (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.labuda	Fidonet PVT.LABUDA (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.law		Fidonet PVT.LAW - Law (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.lbcat.talk	Fidonet PVT.LBCAT.TALK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.lehin		Fidonet PVT.LEHIN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.lws		Fidonet PVT.LWS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.mafia		Fidonet PVT.MAFIA (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.marinais	Fidonet PVT.MARINAIS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.max.club	Fidonet PVT.MAX.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.m.c.tech	Fidonet PVT.M.C.TECH (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.medvedkovo	Fidonet PVT.MEDVEDKOVO (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.melodic.metal	Fidonet PVT.MELODIC.METAL (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.metal.club	Fidonet PVT.METAL.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.metal.club.support	Fidonet PVT.METAL.CLUB.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.mf.club	Fidonet PVT.MF.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.mies		Fidonet PVT.MIES (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.mike.f477	Fidonet PVT.MIKE.477 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.minkevich	Fidonet PVT.MINKEVICH (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.mistress.club	Fidonet PVT.MISTRESS.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.moon		Fidonet PVT.MOON (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.mouse.club	Fidonet PVT.MOUSE.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.mp3		Fidonet PVT.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.ms.satan	Fidonet PVT.MS.SATAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.mute.raven	Fidonet PVT.MUTE.RAVEN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.myke		Fidonet PVT.MYKE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.nechaevka	Fidonet PVT.NECHAEVKA (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.niichavo	Fidonet PVT.NIICHAVO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.nimnull	Fidonet PVT.NIMNULL (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.nishtyaki	Fidonet PVT.NISHTYAKI (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.notax		Fidonet PVT.NOTAX - Minimize taxes (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.octpob.d	Fidonet PVT.OCTPOB.D (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.octpob	Fidonet PVT.OCTPOB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.odintsovo	Fidonet PVT.ODINTSOVO (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.onan.old	Fidonet PVT.ONAN.OLD (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.orgiya	Fidonet PVT.ORGIYA (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.orion		Fidonet PVT.ORION (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.otradnoe	Fidonet PVT.OTRADNOE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.owl.club	Fidonet PVT.OWL.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.pagan		Fidonet PVT.PAGAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.panda		Fidonet PVT.PANDA (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.points-party	Fidonet PVT.POINTS-PARTY (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.polis		Fidonet PVT.POLIS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.pretty.club	Fidonet PVT.PRETTY.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.prices	Fidonet PVT.PRICES (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.prool		Fidonet PVT.PROOL (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.psychodelic	Fidonet PVT.PSYCHODELIC (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.psychodelic.hf	Fidonet PVT.PSYCHODELIC.HF (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.quiet.place	Fidonet PVT.QUIET.PLACE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.ranger	Fidonet PVT.RANGER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.ranger.techno	Fidonet PVT.RANGER.TECHNO (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.rpgproject	Fidonet PVT.RPGPROJECT (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.russian.z1	Fidonet PVT.RUSSIAN.Z1 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.saddevils.land	Fidonet PVT.SADDEVILS.LAND (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.sale-exchang	Fidonet PVT.SALE_&_EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.sale-exchang.talk	Fidonet PVT.SALE_&_EXCHANGE.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.schumacher	Fidonet PVT.SCHUMACHER (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.scout		Fidonet PVT.SCOUT (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.secret.garden	Fidonet PVT.SECRET.GARDEN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.shakhtyor.team	Fidonet PVT.SHAKHTYOR.TEAM (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.shaman	Fidonet PVT.SHAMAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.shaman.howto	Fidonet PVT.SHAMAN.HOWTO (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.silver.dream	Fidonet PVT.SILVER.DREAM (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.silver.dream.robots	Fidonet PVT.SILVER.DREAM.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.skl.tactics	Fidonet PVT.SKL.TACTICS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.skull.c0der	Fidonet PVT.SKULL.C0DER (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.slipgate	Fidonet PVT.SLIPGATE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.sound.pro	Fidonet PVT.SOUND.PRO (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.sova.club	Fidonet PVT.SOVA.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.sysop		Fidonet PVT.SYSOP (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.tctube	Fidonet PVT.TCTUBE (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.tighina.good.chat	Fidonet PVT.TIGHINA.GOOD.CHAT (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.ultrasound	Fidonet PVT.ULTRASOUND (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.ut5ude.packet	Fidonet PVT.UT5UDE.PACKET (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.utopia	Fidonet PVT.UTOPIA (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.victory	Fidonet PVT.VICTORY (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.virii		Fidonet PVT.VIRII (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.virtual.support	Fidonet PVT.VIRTUAL.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.yas		Fidonet PVT.YAS (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.yutka		Fidonet PVT.YUTKA - Yutta Kussul 2 (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.zelimhan	Fidonet PVT.ZELIMHAN (Moderated)
fido7.pvt.zhorik.yo	Fidonet PVT.ZHORIK.YO! (Moderated)
fido7.qaz.allfix	Fidonet QAZ.ALLFIX (Moderated)
fido7.qaz.pvt		Fidonet QAZ.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.qmail.support	Fidonet QMAIL.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.r46.alive		Fidonet R46.ALIVE - Region 46 nodes/networks alive (Moderated)
fido7.r46.b.buy		Fidonet R46.B.BUY (Moderated)
fido7.r46.b.change	Fidonet R46.B.CHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.r46.b.sale	Fidonet R46.B.SALE (Moderated)
fido7.r46.b.talks	Fidonet R46.B.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.r46.b.tech	Fidonet R46.B.TECH (Moderated)
fido7.r46.exch		Fidonet R46.EXCH (Moderated)
fido7.r46.game		Fidonet R46.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.r46.general	Fidonet R46.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.r46.talks		Fidonet R46.TALKS - Region 46 (Ukraine and Moldova) free talks. (Moderated)
fido7.r46.warez.new	Fidonet R46.WAREZ.NEW (Moderated)
fido7.r50.crisis	Fidonet R50.CRISIS - c  pc  r50 (Moderated)
fido7.radiomax		Fidonet RADIOMAX.ALL (Moderated)
fido7.radiomax.hitparade	Fidonet RADIOMAX.HITPARADE (Moderated)
fido7.rar.support	Fidonet RAR.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.rc.infoserv	Fidonet RC.INFOSERV (Moderated)
fido7.rc.jobs		Fidonet RC.JOBS (Moderated)
fido7.real.siberian.man	Fidonet REAL.SIBERIAN.MAN (Moderated)
fido7.real.siberian.valenok	Fidonet REAL.SIBERIAN.VALENOK - H cpc  (Moderated)
fido7.real.speccy	Fidonet REAL.SPECCY (Moderated)
fido7.robots.f49	Fidonet ROBOTS.49 (Moderated)
fido7.rockabilly.f50s	Fidonet ROCKABILLY.50S (Moderated)
fido7.rockwell.modem	Fidonet ROCKWELL.MODEM (Moderated)
fido7.rou.bchinsky	Fidonet ROU.BCHINSKY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.abcb		Fidonet RU.ABCB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.about.life	Fidonet RU.ABOUT.LIFE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.acad		Fidonet RU.ACAD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.accounting	Fidonet RU.ACCOUNTING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.acm		Fidonet RU.ACM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.activepages	Fidonet RU.ACTIVEPAGES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.active.worlds	Fidonet RU.ACTIVE.WORLDS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.acupuncture	Fidonet RU.ACUPUNCTURE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ad-d.translate	Fidonet RU.AD&D.TRANSLATE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.adobe.photoshop	Fidonet RU.ADOBE.PHOTOSHOP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.adsl		Fidonet RU.ADSL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.advertisement	Fidonet RU.ADVERTISEMENT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.adv-ftnsoft.c2m	Fidonet RU.ADV_FTNSOFT.C2M (Moderated)
fido7.ru.adv-ftnsoft.gates	Fidonet RU.ADV_FTNSOFT.GATES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aerosport	Fidonet RU.AEROSPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.after.institute	Fidonet RU.AFTER.INSTITUTE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.age.of.battles	Fidonet RU.AGE.OF.BATTLES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.agni		Fidonet RU.AGNI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.agny		Fidonet RU.AGNY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ahekdot	Fidonet RU.AHEKDOT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ai		Fidonet RU.AI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.airsoft	Fidonet RU.AIRSOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.akeb.text.game	Fidonet RU.AKEB.TEXT.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.alf		Fidonet RU.ALF (Moderated)
fido7.ru.algorithms	Fidonet RU.ALGORITHMS - Algorithms (Moderated)
fido7.ru.alien.support	Fidonet RU.ALIEN.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.alkashi.offline	Fidonet RU.ALKASHI.OFFLINE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.allergy	Fidonet RU.ALLERGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.allfix		Fidonet RU.ALLFIX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.allfix-help	Fidonet RU.ALLFIX_HELP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.alone.talk	Fidonet RU.ALONE.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.alternate	Fidonet RU.ALTERNATE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.amadeus	Fidonet RU.AMADEUS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.amiga		Fidonet RU.AMIGA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.amiga.talks	Fidonet RU.AMIGA.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anarchy	Fidonet RU.ANARCHY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anastasia	Fidonet RU.ANASTASIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.an-club	Fidonet RU.AN-CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anecdot	Fidonet RU.ANECDOT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anekdot.digest	Fidonet RU.ANEKDOT.DIGEST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anekdot	Fidonet RU.ANEKDOT - anecdotes only (no shtirlitz!) [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anekdot.filtered	Fidonet RU.ANEKDOT.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anekdot.free	Fidonet RU.ANEKDOT.FREE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anekdot.opposition	Fidonet RU.ANEKDOT.OPPOSITION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anekdot.talks	Fidonet RU.ANEKDOT.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anekdot.the.best	Fidonet RU.ANEKDOT.THE.BEST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.angel		Fidonet RU.ANGEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.animation	Fidonet RU.ANIMATION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime.chainik	Fidonet RU.ANIME.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime.eva	Fidonet RU.ANIME.EVA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime		Fidonet RU.ANIME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime.games	Fidonet RU.ANIME.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime.pokemon	Fidonet RU.ANIME.POKEMON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime.ranma	Fidonet RU.ANIME.RANMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime.sailor	Fidonet RU.ANIME.SAILOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime.shangri.la	Fidonet RU.ANIME.SHANGRI.LA -   - (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anime.talks	Fidonet RU.ANIME.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anomalia	Fidonet RU.ANOMALIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antenn		Fidonet RU.ANTENN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anthropology	Fidonet RU.ANTHROPOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-antisex	Fidonet RU.ANTI-ANTISEX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.army	Fidonet RU.ANTI.ARMY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.ats	Fidonet RU.ANTI.ATS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.ats.talks	Fidonet RU.ANTI.ATS.TALKS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.beer	Fidonet RU.ANTI.BEER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antichrist	Fidonet RU.ANTICHRIST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-ecology	Fidonet RU.ANTI-ECOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-fido	Fidonet RU.ANTI-FIDO -   FidoNet (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antifips	Fidonet RU.ANTIFIPS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.gay	Fidonet RU.ANTI.GAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antigop	Fidonet RU.ANTIGOP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antihunt	Fidonet RU.ANTIHUNT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antiislam	Fidonet RU.ANTIISLAM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antilj		Fidonet RU.ANTILJ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.lukianenko	Fidonet RU.ANTI.LUKIANENKO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-ment	Fidonet RU.ANTI-MENT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antimoderator	Fidonet RU.ANTIMODERATOR [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-money	Fidonet RU.ANTI-MONEY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-nalogi	Fidonet RU.ANTI-NALOGI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.nato	Fidonet RU.ANTI.NATO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-net	Fidonet RU.ANTI-NET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-pickup	Fidonet RU.ANTI-PICKUP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-religion.club	Fidonet RU.ANTI-RELIGION.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti-religion	Fidonet RU.ANTI-RELIGION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antisex	Fidonet RU.ANTISEX - Against sex before marriage (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antisex.pearls	Fidonet RU.ANTISEX.PEARLS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.skl	Fidonet RU.ANTI.SKL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antispam	Fidonet RU.ANTISPAM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.spice.girls	Fidonet RU.ANTI.SPICE.GIRLS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.antiviza	Fidonet RU.ANTIVIZA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.anti.zamansky	Fidonet RU.ANTI.ZAMANSKY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aon.ats	Fidonet RU.AON.ATS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aon		Fidonet RU.AON - Telephone caller ID recognition (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aon.modem	Fidonet RU.AON.MODEM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aon.rom	Fidonet RU.AON.ROM - Telephone caller ID recognition (Moderated)
fido7.ru.apache		Fidonet RU.APACHE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.apple		Fidonet RU.APPLE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aquanavt	Fidonet RU.AQUANAVT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aquaria	Fidonet RU.AQUARIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aquaria.hardw	Fidonet RU.AQUARIA.HARDW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.archery	Fidonet RU.ARCHERY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.argus.devel	Fidonet RU.ARGUS.DEVEL [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.argus		Fidonet RU.ARGUS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aria		Fidonet RU.ARIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.army		Fidonet RU.ARMY - How to avoid army (Moderated)
fido7.ru.army.phrases	Fidonet RU.ARMY.PHRASES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.art		Fidonet RU.ART (Moderated)
fido7.ru.as400		Fidonet RU.AS400 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.asketism	Fidonet RU.ASKETISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.asm.chainik	Fidonet RU.ASM.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.asm.win32	Fidonet RU.ASM.WIN32 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.astro.flight	Fidonet RU.ASTRO.FLIGHT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.atheism	Fidonet RU.ATHEISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ats		Fidonet RU.ATS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.auto		Fidonet RU.AUTO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.autopilot	Fidonet RU.AUTOPILOT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.autostop	Fidonet RU.AUTOSTOP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.autostop.filtered	Fidonet RU.AUTOSTOP.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.autostop.info	Fidonet RU.AUTOSTOP.INFO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.avia.talks	Fidonet RU.AVIA.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.aviation	Fidonet RU.AVIATION - aviation (Moderated)
fido7.ru.awk		Fidonet RU.AWK - AWK utility (Moderated)
fido7.ru.baby.education	Fidonet RU.BABY.EDUCATION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.baby		Fidonet RU.BABY - Babies (Moderated)
fido7.ru.babylon5.around	Fidonet RU.BABYLON5.AROUND (Moderated)
fido7.ru.babylon5	Fidonet RU.BABYLON5 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.babylon5.game	Fidonet RU.BABYLON5.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.baby.mail	Fidonet RU.BABY.MAIL [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.baby.medic	Fidonet RU.BABY.MEDIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.baby.text	Fidonet RU.BABY.TEXT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bachelors	Fidonet RU.BACHELORS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.baika		Fidonet RU.BAIKA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ballroom.dance	Fidonet RU.BALLROOM.DANCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.banks		Fidonet RU.BANKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bank-support	Fidonet RU.BANK_SUPPORT - Computers in banks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bank-support.post	Fidonet RU.BANK_SUPPORT.POST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bank-technolog	Fidonet RU.BANK_TECHNOLOGY - Computers in banks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bank.technology	Fidonet RU.BANK.TECHNOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.banners.exch	Fidonet RU.BANNERS.EXCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.banya		Fidonet RU.BANYA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bardak		Fidonet RU.BARDAK - general talk (Moderated)
fido7.ru.basic		Fidonet RU.BASIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.battletech	Fidonet RU.BATTLETECH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bbsnews	Fidonet RU.BBSNEWS - BBS news (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bbsnews.list	Fidonet RU.BBSNEWS.LIST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bbsnews.talk	Fidonet RU.BBSNEWS.TALK - BBS news (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bbsoftware.other	Fidonet RU.BBSOFTWARE.OTHER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.beatle.club	Fidonet RU.BEATLE.CLUB - Beatles fans (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bee.music	Fidonet RU.BEE.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.beer		Fidonet RU.BEER - beer drinkers (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bespredel	Fidonet RU.BESPREDEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.best		Fidonet RU.BEST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bestsoft	Fidonet RU.BESTSOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bible		Fidonet RU.BIBLE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bigblue	Fidonet RU.BIGBLUE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.billiard	Fidonet RU.BILLIARD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.binkd		Fidonet RU.BINKD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.biology	Fidonet RU.BIOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.biotech	Fidonet RU.BIOTECH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bisexuals	Fidonet RU.BISEXUALS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.black.humor	Fidonet RU.BLACK.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.blog.mithgol	Fidonet RU.BLOG.MITHGOL -   - (Moderated)
fido7.ru.blog.mithgol.talk	Fidonet RU.BLOG.MITHGOL.TALK -      Mithgol'a (Moderated)
fido7.ru.blues		Fidonet RU.BLUES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bnc		Fidonet RU.BNC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bodun		Fidonet RU.BODUN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bodybuilding	Fidonet RU.BODYBUILDING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bomond.rhyme	Fidonet RU.BOMOND.RHYME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bookmaker	Fidonet RU.BOOKMAKER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.books.computing	Fidonet RU.BOOKS.COMPUTING - books on computing (Moderated)
fido7.ru.books.mystic	Fidonet RU.BOOKS.MYSTIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.books.talk	Fidonet RU.BOOKS.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.borland.ao	Fidonet RU.BORLAND.AO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.borlandc	Fidonet RU.BORLANDC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.botchkarev.beer	Fidonet RU.BOTCHKAREV.BEER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bowling	Fidonet RU.BOWLING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bratva		Fidonet RU.BRATVA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.brief		Fidonet RU.BRIEF - brief editor (Moderated)
fido7.ru.brigada	Fidonet RU.BRIGADA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.britney.spears	Fidonet RU.BRITNEY.SPEARS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bruce.willis	Fidonet RU.BRUCE.WILLIS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bug		Fidonet RU.BUG - program errors (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bulanova	Fidonet RU.BULANOVA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bulgakov	Fidonet RU.BULGAKOV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.burime		Fidonet RU.BURIME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.burime.talks	Fidonet RU.BURIME.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.bus		Fidonet RU.BUS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.business	Fidonet RU.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cad.kompas	Fidonet RU.CAD.KOMPAS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cakewalk	Fidonet RU.CAKEWALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.calculator	Fidonet RU.CALCULATOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.camcorder	Fidonet RU.CAMCORDER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.career		Fidonet RU.CAREER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.alarm	Fidonet RU.CARS.ALARM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.audi	Fidonet RU.CARS.AUDI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.audio	Fidonet RU.CARS.AUDIO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.chainik	Fidonet RU.CARS.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.custom	Fidonet RU.CARS.CUSTOM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.daewoo	Fidonet RU.CARS.DAEWOO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.driving	Fidonet RU.CARS.DRIVING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.f4x4	Fidonet RU.CARS.4X4 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars		Fidonet RU.CARS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.ford	Fidonet RU.CARS.FORD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.foreign.f4x4	Fidonet RU.CARS.FOREIGN.4X4 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.foreign	Fidonet RU.CARS.FOREIGN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.gas	Fidonet RU.CARS.GAS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.gaz-uaz	Fidonet RU.CARS.GAZ&UAZ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.japan	Fidonet RU.CARS.JAPAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.lada	Fidonet RU.CARS.LADA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.mercedes	Fidonet RU.CARS.MERCEDES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.moscvich	Fidonet RU.CARS.MOSCVICH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.talks	Fidonet RU.CARS.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.travel	Fidonet RU.CARS.TRAVEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.tuning	Fidonet RU.CARS.TUNING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cars.uaz	Fidonet RU.CARS.UAZ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.castaneda	Fidonet RU.CASTANEDA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.castle.cm	Fidonet RU.CASTLE.CM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cat-dog	Fidonet RU.CAT&DOG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.catharsis	Fidonet RU.CATHARSIS -    Catharsis (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cats		Fidonet RU.CATS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cb.radio	Fidonet RU.CB.RADIO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cbuilder.chainik	Fidonet RU.CBUILDER.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cbuilder	Fidonet RU.CBUILDER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ccmail		Fidonet RU.CCMAIL - CC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cd.record	Fidonet RU.CD.RECORD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cdrom		Fidonet RU.CDROM - CD-ROM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cebep.talks	Fidonet RU.CEBEP.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.celebration	Fidonet RU.CELEBRATION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cellphones	Fidonet RU.CELLPHONES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cellphones.samsung	Fidonet RU.CELLPHONES.SAMSUNG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cellular.prog	Fidonet RU.CELLULAR.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.celtic		Fidonet RU.CELTIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.certification	Fidonet RU.CERTIFICATION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cgi.c		Fidonet RU.CGI.C (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cgi		Fidonet RU.CGI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cgi.perl.chainik	Fidonet RU.CGI.PERL.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cgi.perl	Fidonet RU.CGI.PERL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cgp		Fidonet RU.CGP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.charmed	Fidonet RU.CHARMED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.charmsiada	Fidonet RU.CHARMSIADA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.chemistry.unlimited	Fidonet RU.CHEMISTRY.UNLIMITED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.childs		Fidonet RU.CHILDS - Kids talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.chudiks	Fidonet RU.CHUDIKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cinema		Fidonet RU.CINEMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cinick		Fidonet RU.CINICK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cisco		Fidonet RU.CISCO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.civil.smoke	Fidonet RU.CIVIL.SMOKE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.clarion	Fidonet RU.CLARION - Calrion database (Moderated)
fido7.ru.clipper	Fidonet RU.CLIPPER - Clipper DBMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cmm		Fidonet RU.C-- (Moderated)
fido7.ru.coffee.club	Fidonet RU.COFFEE.CLUB - Culture and general talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.collection	Fidonet RU.COLLECTION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.collectors	Fidonet RU.COLLECTORS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.community	Fidonet RU.COMMUNITY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.compose.pc	Fidonet RU.COMPOSE.PC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.compress	Fidonet RU.COMPRESS - Compression algorythms and programs (Moderated)
fido7.ru.computer.club	Fidonet RU.COMPUTER.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.computer	Fidonet RU.COMPUTER.ALL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.computer.history	Fidonet RU.COMPUTER.HISTORY -   (Moderated)
fido7.ru.computer.humor	Fidonet RU.COMPUTER.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.computer.life	Fidonet RU.COMPUTER.LIFE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.computerra	Fidonet RU.COMPUTERRA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.conan.the.barbarian	Fidonet RU.CONAN.THE.BARBARIAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.conceptio	Fidonet RU.CONCEPTIO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.congratulation	Fidonet RU.CONGRATULATIONS - congratulations to netters (Moderated)
fido7.ru.consoles	Fidonet RU.CONSOLES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.consulting	Fidonet RU.CONSULTING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.copyer		Fidonet RU.COPYER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.copyright	Fidonet RU.COPYRIGHT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.corbina	Fidonet RU.CORBINA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.coreldraw	Fidonet RU.CORELDRAW! (Moderated)
fido7.ru.counter-strike	Fidonet RU.COUNTER-STRIKE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cpp.chainik	Fidonet RU.CPP.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cpp		Fidonet RU.CPP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.creative.jane.club	Fidonet RU.CREATIVE.JANE.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.crematorium	Fidonet RU.CREMATORIUM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.crossword	Fidonet RU.CROSSWORD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.crypt		Fidonet RU.CRYPT - Cryptography (Moderated)
fido7.ru.c-sharp	Fidonet RU.C# (Moderated)
fido7.ru.culture	Fidonet RU.CULTURE - Culture (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cupola		Fidonet RU.CUPOLA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.customs	Fidonet RU.CUSTOMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cyberpunk	Fidonet RU.CYBERPUNK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.cyborg		Fidonet RU.CYBORG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dacha		Fidonet RU.DACHA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dagestan	Fidonet RU.DAGESTAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dance		Fidonet RU.DANCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.danya.humor	Fidonet RU.DANYA.HUMOR - p    p p p (Moderated)
fido7.ru.darkforces	Fidonet RU.DARKFORCES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.darkness	Fidonet RU.DARKNESS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.david.bowie	Fidonet RU.DAVID.BOWIE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dbms.cache	Fidonet RU.DBMS.CACHE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.death		Fidonet RU.DEATH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ded		Fidonet RU.DED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.deep-purple	Fidonet RU.DEEP-PURPLE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.deir		Fidonet RU.DEIR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi.chainik	Fidonet RU.DELPHI.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi.db	Fidonet RU.DELPHI.DB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi		Fidonet RU.DELPHI - Delphi (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi.info	Fidonet RU.DELPHI.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi.internet	Fidonet RU.DELPHI.INTERNET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi.master	Fidonet RU.DELPHI.MASTER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi.reports	Fidonet RU.DELPHI.REPORTS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi.talk	Fidonet RU.DELPHI.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.delphi.uue	Fidonet RU.DELPHI.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dendrofilia	Fidonet RU.DENDROFILIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.depression	Fidonet RU.DEPRESSION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.design		Fidonet RU.DESIGN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.detki		Fidonet RU.DETKI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.detsl.loh	Fidonet RU.DETSL.LOH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dharma		Fidonet RU.DHARMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.diabet		Fidonet RU.DIABET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dialectics	Fidonet RU.DIALECTICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.diary.discussion	Fidonet RU.DIARY.DISCUSSION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.diary		Fidonet RU.DIARY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dicaprio	Fidonet RU.DICAPRIO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.digital.video	Fidonet RU.DIGITAL.VIDEO -   p  (Moderated)
fido7.ru.directx	Fidonet RU.DIRECTX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.djatlov	Fidonet RU.DJATLOV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dj		Fidonet RU.DJ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dj.pc		Fidonet RU.DJ.PC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dmtic		Fidonet RU.DMTIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dnet		Fidonet RU.DNET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dogs		Fidonet RU.DOGS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dom2		Fidonet RU.DOM2 -     2 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.doom.metal	Fidonet RU.DOOM.METAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dos.basic	Fidonet RU.DOS.BASIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dos		Fidonet RU.DOS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dosug		Fidonet RU.DOSUG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dotnet		Fidonet RU.DOTNET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.d-p.software	Fidonet RU.D_P.SOFTWARE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dreadlocks	Fidonet RU.DREADLOCKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dream		Fidonet RU.DREAM - Dreams (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dream.talks	Fidonet RU.DREAM.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.drugs		Fidonet RU.DRUGS - Drugs (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dsp		Fidonet RU.DSP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dtp		Fidonet RU.DTP - desktop publishing (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dtp.fonts	Fidonet RU.DTP.FONTS - Desktop publishing (Moderated)
fido7.ru.duel.rhyme	Fidonet RU.DUEL.RHYME - Poetic duels (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dvd		Fidonet RU.DVD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dvd-rip	Fidonet RU.DVD-RIP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dvmmail	Fidonet RU.DVMMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dx.radio	Fidonet RU.DX.RADIO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.dynamo		Fidonet RU.DYNAMO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.eastern.europe	Fidonet RU.EASTERN.EUROPE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.echolist	Fidonet RU.ECHOLIST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.echomail	Fidonet RU.ECHOMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.echoprocessors	Fidonet RU.ECHOPROCESSORS - Fidonet echoprocessors (Moderated)
fido7.ru.echo-rules	Fidonet RU.ECHO_RULES - Rules of all fido7* groups (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ecomstation	Fidonet RU.ECOMSTATION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.egoism		Fidonet RU.EGOISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.egypt		Fidonet RU.EGYPT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ejay		Fidonet RU.EJAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.electronic	Fidonet RU.ELECTRONIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.e.letter	Fidonet RU.E.LETTER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.elinecom.talk	Fidonet RU.ELINECOM.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.elvis		Fidonet RU.ELVIS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.emacs		Fidonet RU.EMACS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.embedded	Fidonet RU.EMBEDDED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.eminem		Fidonet RU.EMINEM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.emulators	Fidonet RU.EMULATORS.ALL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.enchanted.forest	Fidonet RU.ENCHANTED.FOREST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.engine.prog	Fidonet RU.ENGINE.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.english	Fidonet RU.ENGLISH - English as foreign (Moderated)
fido7.ru.english.translator	Fidonet RU.ENGLISH.TRANSLATOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.entomology	Fidonet RU.ENTOMOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.equestrian	Fidonet RU.EQUESTRIAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ericsson	Fidonet RU.ERICSSON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.erofeev	Fidonet RU.EROFEEV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.erotic.text	Fidonet RU.EROTIC.TEXT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.esli		Fidonet RU.ESLI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.esoteric	Fidonet RU.ESOTERIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.espanol	Fidonet RU.ESPANOL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.etymology	Fidonet RU.ETYMOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.eurodance	Fidonet RU.EURODANCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.evrazia	Fidonet RU.EVRAZIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.excel		Fidonet RU.EXCEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.exch.babystuff	Fidonet RU.EXCH.BABYSTUFF (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ezo		Fidonet RU.EZO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.f1csoft	Fidonet RU.1CSOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.f3dfx		Fidonet RU.3DFX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.f3ds-lw	Fidonet RU.3DS&LW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.f4dos		Fidonet RU.4DOS - 4DOS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.factor2	Fidonet RU.FACTOR2 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.family		Fidonet RU.FAMILY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fantasy.alt	Fidonet RU.FANTASY.ALT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fantasy	Fidonet RU.FANTASY - Fantasy (Moderated)
fido7.ru.faqem-up	Fidonet RU.FAQEM_UP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.far		Fidonet RU.FAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fastecho	Fidonet RU.FASTECHO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fastuue	Fidonet RU.FASTUUE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fastuue.talk	Fidonet RU.FASTUUE.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fate		Fidonet RU.FATE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fax		Fidonet RU.FAX - FAX hard- and software (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fdecho		Fidonet RU.FDECHO - FrontDoor program (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fedorov	Fidonet RU.FEDOROV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fhmail		Fidonet RU.FHMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fido-fsb	Fidonet RU.FIDO&FSB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fido.internet	Fidonet RU.FIDO.INTERNET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fidoman	Fidonet RU.FIDOMAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fidonet.allstars	Fidonet RU.FIDONET.ALLSTARS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fidonet.digest	Fidonet RU.FIDONET.DIGEST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fidonet.today	Fidonet RU.FIDONET.TODAY [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fidonet.yo	Fidonet RU.FIDONET.YO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fido.nextgen	Fidonet RU.FIDO.NEXTGEN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fido-pickup	Fidonet RU.FIDO-PICKUP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fidorulezz	Fidonet RU.FIDORULEZZ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fidoschool	Fidonet RU.FIDOSCHOOL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fido.www	Fidonet RU.FIDO.WWW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fight.for.peace	Fidonet RU.FIGHT.FOR.PEACE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.file.appsnd	Fidonet RU.FILE.APPSND (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fileechoproces	Fidonet RU.FILEECHOPROCESSORS - Fidonet fileechoprocessors (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fileformat	Fidonet RU.FILEFORMAT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.file.systems	Fidonet RU.FILE.SYSTEMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.file.xsnd.midi	Fidonet RU.FILE.XSND.MIDI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.file.xsnd.mod	Fidonet RU.FILE.XSND.MOD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.file.xsnd.patch	Fidonet RU.FILE.XSND.PATCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.file.xsnd.s3m	Fidonet RU.FILE.XSND.S3M (Moderated)
fido7.ru.file.xsnd.xm	Fidonet RU.FILE.XSND.XM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.filk		Fidonet RU.FILK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.film		Fidonet RU.FILM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.find.girlfriend	Fidonet RU.FIND.GIRLFRIEND (Moderated)
fido7.ru.finsoft	Fidonet RU.FINSOFT - financial software (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fips.chainik	Fidonet RU.FIPS.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fips		Fidonet RU.FIPS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fishing.club	Fidonet RU.FISHING.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fishing	Fidonet RU.FISHING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fitness	Fidonet RU.FITNESS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.flame		Fidonet RU.FLAME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.flash		Fidonet RU.FLASH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fleetstreet	Fidonet RU.FLEETSTREET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.floppynet	Fidonet RU.FLOPPYNET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.flysoft	Fidonet RU.FLYSOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fmail		Fidonet RU.FMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fmob		Fidonet RU.FMOB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fmob.talks	Fidonet RU.FMOB.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fm.radio	Fidonet RU.FM.RADIO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fm.reklama	Fidonet RU.FM.REKLAMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.foobar		Fidonet RU.FOOBAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.football.chainik	Fidonet RU.FOOTBALL.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.foreigner	Fidonet RU.FOREIGNER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.formula.racing	Fidonet RU.FORMULA.RACING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.foto.pickup	Fidonet RU.FOTO.PICKUP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.foxpro		Fidonet RU.FOXPRO - Foxpro DBMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.france		Fidonet RU.FRANCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.freedom	Fidonet RU.FREEDOM -       (Moderated)
fido7.ru.freefolk	Fidonet RU.FREEFOLK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.freelove	Fidonet RU.FREELOVE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.free.mind	Fidonet RU.FREE.MIND (Moderated)
fido7.ru.free.pascal	Fidonet RU.FREE.PASCAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.fregate	Fidonet RU.FREGATE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ftn.develop	Fidonet RU.FTN.DEVELOP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ftn.php	Fidonet RU.FTN.PHP -    FTN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ftn.winpoint	Fidonet RU.FTN.WINPOINT -  FTN- WinPoint (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ftn.winsoft	Fidonet RU.FTN.WINSOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ftrack		Fidonet RU.FTRACK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.furry		Fidonet RU.FURRY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.futurama	Fidonet RU.FUTURAMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.future		Fidonet RU.FUTURE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.adom	Fidonet RU.GAME.ADOM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.allods	Fidonet RU.GAME.ALLODS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.blizzard	Fidonet RU.GAME.BLIZZARD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.bridge	Fidonet RU.GAME.BRIDGE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.cdrom	Fidonet RU.GAME.CDROM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.cheat	Fidonet RU.GAME.CHEAT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.creation	Fidonet RU.GAME.CREATION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.deathmatch	Fidonet RU.GAME.DEATHMATCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.design	Fidonet RU.GAME.DESIGN - video-game talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.diablo	Fidonet RU.GAME.DIABLO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.diablo.stuff	Fidonet RU.GAME.DIABLO.STUFF (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.doom3	Fidonet RU.GAME.DOOM3 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.doom	Fidonet RU.GAME.DOOM - video-game talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.doom.info	Fidonet RU.GAME.DOOM.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.doom.uue	Fidonet RU.GAME.DOOM.UUE - video-game talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.duke	Fidonet RU.GAME.DUKE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.economic	Fidonet RU.GAME.ECONOMIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.elite	Fidonet RU.GAME.ELITE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.elma	Fidonet RU.GAME.ELMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.f3d-shooter	Fidonet RU.GAME.3D-SHOOTER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.fallout	Fidonet RU.GAME.FALLOUT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.fallout.mod	Fidonet RU.GAME.FALLOUT.MOD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game		Fidonet RU.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.flight	Fidonet RU.GAME.FLIGHT - flying video-game talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.flight.peaceful	Fidonet RU.GAME.FLIGHT.PEACEFUL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.fortress	Fidonet RU.GAME.FORTRESS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.gta	Fidonet RU.GAME.GTA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.half-life	Fidonet RU.GAME.HALF-LIFE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.heroes	Fidonet RU.GAME.HEROES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gameland	Fidonet RU.GAMELAND (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.lineage	Fidonet RU.GAME.LINEAGE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.lionhead	Fidonet RU.GAME.LIONHEAD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.might-magic	Fidonet RU.GAME.MIGHT&MAGIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.mmorpg	Fidonet RU.GAME.MMORPG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.modem	Fidonet RU.GAME.MODEM - videogames over modem (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.mod.making	Fidonet RU.GAME.MOD.MAKING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.mud	Fidonet RU.GAME.MUD - MUD games (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.mud.rus	Fidonet RU.GAME.MUD.RUS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.news	Fidonet RU.GAME.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.nfs	Fidonet RU.GAME.NFS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.pbm	Fidonet RU.GAME.PBM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.quake	Fidonet RU.GAME.QUAKE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.quake.ii	Fidonet RU.GAME.QUAKE.II (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.quake.iii	Fidonet RU.GAME.QUAKE.III [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.quake.qc	Fidonet RU.GAME.QUAKE.QC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.quest	Fidonet RU.GAME.QUEST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.rpg.club	Fidonet RU.GAME.RPG.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.rpg	Fidonet RU.GAME.RPG - role playing games talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.rpg.space	Fidonet RU.GAME.RPG.SPACE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.sacred	Fidonet RU.GAME.SACRED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.games		Fidonet RU.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.games.people.play	Fidonet RU.GAMES.PEOPLE.PLAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.sphere	Fidonet RU.GAME.SPHERE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.spiderweb	Fidonet RU.GAME.SPIDERWEB -   Spiderweb Software (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.starcraft	Fidonet RU.GAME.STARCRAFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.strategy	Fidonet RU.GAME.STRATEGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.strategy.rt	Fidonet RU.GAME.STRATEGY.RT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.the-elder-scro	Fidonet RU.GAME.THE_ELDER_SCROLLS - p p The Elder Scrolls (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.thesims	Fidonet RU.GAME.THESIMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.tomb.raider	Fidonet RU.GAME.TOMB.RAIDER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.transport	Fidonet RU.GAME.TRANSPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.ultima	Fidonet RU.GAME.ULTIMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.unreal	Fidonet RU.GAME.UNREAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.vangers	Fidonet RU.GAME.VANGERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.warcraft	Fidonet RU.GAME.WARCRAFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.game.worms	Fidonet RU.GAME.WORMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gay-club	Fidonet RU.GAY_CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gay.n		Fidonet RU.GAY.N (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gay.talk	Fidonet RU.GAY.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gemtoss.beta	Fidonet RU.GEMTOSS.BETA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.geology	Fidonet RU.GEOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.geosystem	Fidonet RU.GEOSYSTEM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.giperboreya	Fidonet RU.GIPERBOREYA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.girls		Fidonet RU.GIRLS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.glum		Fidonet RU.GLUM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gnu		Fidonet RU.GNU (Moderated)
fido7.ru.goblin.films	Fidonet RU.GOBLIN.FILMS -      Goblina (Moderated)
fido7.ru.golded		Fidonet RU.GOLDED - GoldEd program (Moderated)
fido7.ru.golovolomka	Fidonet RU.GOLOVOLOMKA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.good.jeans	Fidonet RU.GOOD.JEANS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gordon		Fidonet RU.GORDON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gothic		Fidonet RU.GOTHIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gpmail		Fidonet RU.GPMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.greenpeace	Fidonet RU.GREENPEACE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.gregory.klimov	Fidonet RU.GREGORY.KLIMOV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.grob		Fidonet RU.GROB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.guard		Fidonet RU.GUARD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.guitar.bass	Fidonet RU.GUITAR.BASS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.guitar		Fidonet RU.GUITAR - Guitar music (Moderated)
fido7.ru.guitar.soft	Fidonet RU.GUITAR.SOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.guitar.tab	Fidonet RU.GUITAR.TAB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hacker.alt	Fidonet RU.HACKER.ALT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hacker.chainik	Fidonet RU.HACKER.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hacker.dummy	Fidonet RU.HACKER.DUMMY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hacker		Fidonet RU.HACKER - hacker's talks [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hacker.filtered	Fidonet RU.HACKER.FILTERED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hacker.uue	Fidonet RU.HACKER.UUE - hacker's talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hackzona	Fidonet RU.HACKZONA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.halyava	Fidonet RU.HALYAVA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.ahtehha	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.AHTEHHA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.bardakru	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.BARDAKRU [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.contestru	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.CONTESTRU [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.dx-bistro	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.DX_BISTRO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.flyham	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.FLYHAM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.hamputer	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.HAMPUTER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.hamru	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.HAMRU [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.rares	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.RARES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.rdxn	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.RDXN [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.rrc-iota	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.RRC_IOTA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.russiandx	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.RUSSIANDX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.satvhf	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.SATVHF [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.urcontest	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.URCONTEST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.urdx	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.URDX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ham-reflectors.urhamfest	Fidonet RU.HAM-REFLECTORS.URHAMFEST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hardware.biotechnology	Fidonet RU.HARDWARE.BIOTECHNOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hardware.repair.tricks	Fidonet RU.HARDWARE.REPAIR.TRICKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hardw.check	Fidonet RU.HARDW.CHECK - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hardw		Fidonet RU.HARDW - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hardw.pc.case-psu	Fidonet RU.HARDW.PC.CASE&PSU (Moderated)
fido7.ru.harrington	Fidonet RU.HARRINGTON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.harry.potter	Fidonet RU.HARRY.POTTER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hate		Fidonet RU.HATE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hdd.remont	Fidonet RU.HDD.REMONT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.heinlein	Fidonet RU.HEINLEIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.helgor		Fidonet RU.HELGOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.he-she		Fidonet RU.HE&SHE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hhgttg		Fidonet RU.HHGTTG - HHGTTG translation to Russian (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hi-fi.chainik	Fidonet RU.HI-FI.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hip-hop	Fidonet RU.HIP-HOP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hippies	Fidonet RU.HIPPIES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.history	Fidonet RU.HISTORY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hobby		Fidonet RU.HOBBY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hokku		Fidonet RU.HOKKU (Moderated)
fido7.ru.home-cinema	Fidonet RU.HOME_CINEMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.home		Fidonet RU.HOME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.home.lan	Fidonet RU.HOME.LAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hooligans	Fidonet RU.HOOLIGANS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.horse		Fidonet RU.HORSE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hot.dog	Fidonet RU.HOT.DOG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hrg.scene	Fidonet RU.HRG.SCENE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hsmodems	Fidonet RU.HSMODEMS - high speed modems talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.html.chainik	Fidonet RU.HTML.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.html.profy	Fidonet RU.HTML.PROFY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.humor		Fidonet RU.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.humorist	Fidonet RU.HUMORIST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.humor.relig	Fidonet RU.HUMOR.RELIG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hunter		Fidonet RU.HUNTER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.husky.devel	Fidonet RU.HUSKY.DEVEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.husky		Fidonet RU.HUSKY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.hutor.filtered	Fidonet RU.HUTOR.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ida		Fidonet RU.IDA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.idea		Fidonet RU.IDEA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.idiotizm	Fidonet RU.IDIOTIZM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.illusion	Fidonet RU.ILLUSION - Everything is just illusion (Moderated)
fido7.ru.imho		Fidonet RU.IMHO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.immortality	Fidonet RU.IMMORTALITY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.india		Fidonet RU.INDIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.inferno.live	Fidonet RU.INFERNO.LIVE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.informatica	Fidonet RU.INFORMATICA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.installers	Fidonet RU.INSTALLERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.insurance	Fidonet RU.INSURANCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.intellectual.games	Fidonet RU.INTELLECTUAL.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.business	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.chainik	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.connection	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.CONNECTION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.faq	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.FAQ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet	Fidonet RU.INTERNET - Internet (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.filtered	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.FILTERED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava.chainik	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava.getweb	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA.GETWEB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava.html	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA.HTML (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava.service	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA.SERVICE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava.soft	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA.SOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava.tested	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA.TESTED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava.things	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA.THINGS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.halyava.xxx	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.HALYAVA.XXX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.icq	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.ICQ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.irc	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.IRC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.law	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.LAW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.money	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.MONEY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.moscow	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.MOSCOW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.mp3	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.nelegal	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.NELEGAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.netscape	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.NETSCAPE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.p2p	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.P2P (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.programming	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.PROGRAMMING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.promotion	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.PROMOTION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.provider	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.PROVIDER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.provider.price	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.PROVIDER.PRICE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.search	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.SEARCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.security	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.SECURITY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.sex	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.SEX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.soft	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.SOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.spedia	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.SPEDIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.technology	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.TECHNOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.www	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.WWW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.internet.www.news	Fidonet RU.INTERNET.WWW.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.intersquish	Fidonet RU.INTERSQUISH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.intranet	Fidonet RU.INTRANET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.invalife	Fidonet RU.INVALIFE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ip.exchange	Fidonet RU.IP.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.irc.cccp	Fidonet RU.IRC.CCCP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.istina		Fidonet RU.ISTINA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.italia		Fidonet RU.ITALIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.itrax		Fidonet RU.ITRAX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.izone		Fidonet RU.IZONE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ja		Fidonet RU.JA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.jah.rastafari	Fidonet RU.JAH.RASTAFARI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.japan		Fidonet RU.JAPAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.java.chainik	Fidonet RU.JAVA.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.java		Fidonet RU.JAVA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.javascript	Fidonet RU.JAVASCRIPT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.jewellery	Fidonet RU.JEWELLERY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.jordan		Fidonet RU.JORDAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.jump		Fidonet RU.JUMP - Skydiving (Moderated)
fido7.ru.jung		Fidonet RU.JUNG [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kalinov.most	Fidonet RU.KALINOV.MOST -   " " (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kaschenko	Fidonet RU.KASCHENKO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kashin		Fidonet RU.KASHIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kate-bush	Fidonet RU.KATE_BUSH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kazakhstan	Fidonet RU.KAZAKHSTAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.keen		Fidonet RU.KEEN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kin-dza-dza	Fidonet RU.KIN-DZA-DZA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.king-fix	Fidonet RU.KING-FIX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kino-not-for-a	Fidonet RU.KINO-NOT-FOR-ALL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kipelov	Fidonet RU.KIPELOV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kish		Fidonet RU.KISH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kitstat	Fidonet RU.KITSTAT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.klad		Fidonet RU.KLAD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kmail		Fidonet RU.KMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.korolev	Fidonet RU.KOROLEV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.krapivin.club	Fidonet RU.KRAPIVIN.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.krapivin	Fidonet RU.KRAPIVIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.krem		Fidonet RU.KREM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.krsna		Fidonet RU.KRSNA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.kylix		Fidonet RU.KYLIX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.la.femme.nikita	Fidonet RU.LA.FEMME.NIKITA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lan.nw		Fidonet RU.LAN.NW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.law-faculty	Fidonet RU.LAW_FACULTY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lazarev	Fidonet RU.LAZAREV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.left.link	Fidonet RU.LEFT.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lem		Fidonet RU.LEM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lesbian	Fidonet RU.LESBIAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.les		Fidonet RU.LES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.level.design	Fidonet RU.LEVEL.DESIGN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lexicon	Fidonet RU.LEXICON [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lhp		Fidonet RU.LHP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.library	Fidonet RU.LIBRARY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.limp-bizkit	Fidonet RU.LIMP_BIZKIT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.limtic		Fidonet RU.LIMTIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lineage	Fidonet RU.LINEAGE -   Lineage II (Moderated)
fido7.ru.linguist	Fidonet RU.LINGUIST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lingva-latina	Fidonet RU.LINGVA_LATINA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lingvo		Fidonet RU.LINGVO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.link.alt	Fidonet RU.LINK.ALT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.linux.chainik	Fidonet RU.LINUX.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.linux.debian	Fidonet RU.LINUX.DEBIAN - Debian GNU/Linux (Moderated)
fido7.ru.linux		Fidonet RU.LINUX - Linux OS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.linux.games	Fidonet RU.LINUX.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.linux.gentoo	Fidonet RU.LINUX.GENTOO - Linux (Moderated)
fido7.ru.linux.redhat	Fidonet RU.LINUX.REDHAT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.linux.talks	Fidonet RU.LINUX.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lisp		Fidonet RU.LISP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.liturgica	Fidonet RU.LITURGICA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.live.cyberpunk	Fidonet RU.LIVE.CYBERPUNK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.livejournal	Fidonet RU.LIVEJOURNAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lokomotiv.moscow	Fidonet RU.LOKOMOTIV.MOSCOW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lolita		Fidonet RU.LOLITA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lotus		Fidonet RU.LOTUS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lovecraft	Fidonet RU.LOVECRAFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.love		Fidonet RU.LOVE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.love.freetalk	Fidonet RU.LOVE.FREETALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.loveland	Fidonet RU.LOVELAND (Moderated)
fido7.ru.love.troubles	Fidonet RU.LOVE.TROUBLES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ludeny		Fidonet RU.LUDENY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.lukianenko	Fidonet RU.LUKIANENKO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mac		Fidonet RU.MAC - Apple Macintosh users talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.machine.embroidery	Fidonet RU.MACHINE.EMBROIDERY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.macromedia	Fidonet RU.MACROMEDIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.madi.stu	Fidonet RU.MADI.STU (Moderated)
fido7.ru.madonna	Fidonet RU.MADONNA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.magic		Fidonet RU.MAGIC - Magic (Moderated)
fido7.ru.magic-pc	Fidonet RU.MAGIC-PC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.magic.the.gathering	Fidonet RU.MAGIC.THE.GATHERING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mailed.support	Fidonet RU.MAILED.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mailtools.uue	Fidonet RU.MAILTOOLS.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.management	Fidonet RU.MANAGEMENT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.maoism		Fidonet RU.MAOISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.marilyn.manson	Fidonet RU.MARILYN.MANSON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.market.research	Fidonet RU.MARKET.RESEARCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.marry		Fidonet RU.MARRY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.martial-arts	Fidonet RU.MARTIAL_ARTS - martial arts (Moderated)
fido7.ru.master		Fidonet RU.MASTER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.masyanya	Fidonet RU.MASYANYA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.math		Fidonet RU.MATH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.math.software	Fidonet RU.MATH.SOFTWARE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.math.topology	Fidonet RU.MATH.TOPOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.matreshka	Fidonet RU.MATRESHKA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.matrix		Fidonet RU.MATRIX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.maxes		Fidonet RU.MAXES - Maxes in fidonet (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mdaemon	Fidonet RU.MDAEMON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mechanics	Fidonet RU.MECHANICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.medic		Fidonet RU.MEDIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.medic.profy	Fidonet RU.MEDIC.PROFY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.metallica	Fidonet RU.METALLICA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.metallurgy	Fidonet RU.METALLURGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.metaphysics	Fidonet RU.METAPHYSICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mfc		Fidonet RU.MFC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.microchip	Fidonet RU.MICROCHIP -  -     Microchip Technology (Moderated)
fido7.ru.midi		Fidonet RU.MIDI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mielofon	Fidonet RU.MIELOFON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.miem		Fidonet RU.MIEM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.migration	Fidonet RU.MIGRATION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.miit		Fidonet RU.MIIT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.militarism	Fidonet RU.MILITARISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.military	Fidonet RU.MILITARY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.military.navi	Fidonet RU.MILITARY.NAVI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.military.navy	Fidonet RU.MILITARY.NAVY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.militia	Fidonet RU.MILITIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.minidisc	Fidonet RU.MINIDISC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.minidisk	Fidonet RU.MINIDISK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.minstrel	Fidonet RU.MINSTREL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.misanthrope	Fidonet RU.MISANTHROPE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.missile	Fidonet RU.MISSILE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mitky		Fidonet RU.MITKY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mixed.alcohol	Fidonet RU.MIXED.ALCOHOL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mnlink		Fidonet RU.MNLINK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mntic		Fidonet RU.MNTIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.alcatel	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.ALCATEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.benefon	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.BENEFON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.lg	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.LG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.motorola	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.MOTOROLA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.nokia	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.NOKIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.panasonic	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.PANASONIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.philips	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.PHILIPS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.samsung	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.SAMSUNG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.siemens	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.SIEMENS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mobile.phones.sonyericsson	Fidonet RU.MOBILE.PHONES.SONYERICSSON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.modding	Fidonet RU.MODDING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.modelism	Fidonet RU.MODELISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.modem		Fidonet RU.MODEM - modems (Moderated)
fido7.ru.moderator	Fidonet RU.MODERATOR - Moderators talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.moderator.talk	Fidonet RU.MODERATOR.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mod.music.uue	Fidonet RU.MOD.MUSIC.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.money		Fidonet RU.MONEY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mozilla	Fidonet RU.MOZILLA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mp3.wanted	Fidonet RU.MP3.WANTED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mpeg		Fidonet RU.MPEG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.msaccess	Fidonet RU.MSACCESS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.msoffice	Fidonet RU.MSOFFICE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mssu		Fidonet RU.MSSU (Moderated)
fido7.ru.msx		Fidonet RU.MSX - MSX computers (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mtv.f12zz	Fidonet RU.MTV.12ZZ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mtv		Fidonet RU.MTV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.multiedit	Fidonet RU.MULTIEDIT - MultiEdit program (Moderated)
fido7.ru.multimedia	Fidonet RU.MULTIMEDIA - Multimedia (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mumiy.troll	Fidonet RU.MUMIY.TROLL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mundolatino	Fidonet RU.MUNDOLATINO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.afisha	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.AFISHA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.agata.kristi	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.AGATA.KRISTI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.alisa	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.ALISA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.aquarium	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.AQUARIUM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.aria	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.ARIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.avariya	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.AVARIYA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.b-2	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.B-2 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.blind.guardian	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.BLIND.GUARDIAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.chanson	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.CHANSON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.ddt	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.DDT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.dolphin	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.DOLPHIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.drum-bass	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.DRUM&BASS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.eam	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.EAM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.ethnic	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.ETHNIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.flamenco	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.FLAMENCO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.garbage	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.GARBAGE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.grob	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.GROB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.handsup	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.HANDSUP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.hendrix	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.HENDRIX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.musician	Fidonet RU.MUSICIAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.jarre	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.JARRE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.kino	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.KINO -   ''  . (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.kirpichi	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.KIRPICHI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.k-j	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.K&J (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.lacrimosa	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.LACRIMOSA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.leningrad	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.LENINGRAD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.metal	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.METAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.mixey-jumangee	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.MIXEY&JUMANGEE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.nightwish	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.NIGHTWISH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.nirvana	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.NIRVANA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.ozzy	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.OZZY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.psyheya	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.PSYHEYA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.scorpions	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.SCORPIONS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.splean	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.SPLEAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.time-machine	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.TIME_MACHINE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.uue	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.UUE - Music (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.wanted	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.WANTED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.wanted.talks	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.WANTED.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.music.zveri	Fidonet RU.MUSIC.ZVERI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.muslimgauze	Fidonet RU.MUSLIMGAUZE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.muz-tv		Fidonet RU.MUZ_TV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mylene.club	Fidonet RU.MYLENE.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mysql		Fidonet RU.MYSQL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mystic.glum	Fidonet RU.MYSTIC.GLUM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mystic.search	Fidonet RU.MYSTIC.SEARCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.mythology	Fidonet RU.MYTHOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nanotech	Fidonet RU.NANOTECH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nasheradio.mp3	Fidonet RU.NASHERADIO.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.naskvoz	Fidonet RU.NASKVOZ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nationality	Fidonet RU.NATIONALITY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nature.health.harmony	Fidonet RU.NATURE.HEALTH.HARMONY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.naturism	Fidonet RU.NATURISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nautilus	Fidonet RU.NAUTILUS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.necromancers.dos.navigator	Fidonet RU.NECROMANCERS.DOS.NAVIGATOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nefela		Fidonet RU.NEFELA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.neformal.art	Fidonet RU.NEFORMAL.ART (Moderated)
fido7.ru.netfilter.squid	Fidonet RU.NETFILTER.SQUID (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nethack	Fidonet RU.NETHACK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.net.hard	Fidonet RU.NET.HARD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.netherlands	Fidonet RU.NETHERLANDS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.net.knight	Fidonet RU.NET.KNIGHT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.netmail	Fidonet RU.NETMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.net.soft	Fidonet RU.NET.SOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.net.tech	Fidonet RU.NET.TECH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.network	Fidonet RU.NETWORK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.networks	Fidonet RU.NETWORKS - WANs (NO Netware!) (Moderated)
fido7.ru.new.poetry	Fidonet RU.NEW.POETRY -    (Moderated)
fido7.ru.news.answers	Fidonet RU.NEWS.ANSWERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.news.club	Fidonet RU.NEWS.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.news		Fidonet RU.NEWS - News (Moderated)
fido7.ru.new.year	Fidonet RU.NEW.YEAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nextfnet.dev	Fidonet RU.NEXTFNET.DEV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nhlhockey	Fidonet RU.NHLHOCKEY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nice.windows	Fidonet RU.NICE.WINDOWS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nikitin	Fidonet RU.NIKITIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ni.labview	Fidonet RU.NI.LABVIEW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ninja		Fidonet RU.NINJA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nintendo	Fidonet RU.NINTENDO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nlp		Fidonet RU.NLP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nncron		Fidonet RU.NNCRON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nokia		Fidonet RU.NOKIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nordost	Fidonet RU.NORDOST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.normativ.news	Fidonet RU.NORMATIV.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.norway		Fidonet RU.NORWAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.no.smoke	Fidonet RU.NO.SMOKE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.notebooks	Fidonet RU.NOTEBOOKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.notes		Fidonet RU.NOTES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.novell		Fidonet RU.NOVELL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.no-way		Fidonet RU.NO_WAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ntv		Fidonet RU.NTV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.nuclear	Fidonet RU.NUCLEAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.numismatics	Fidonet RU.NUMISMATICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ocr		Fidonet RU.OCR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.odinokoe.serdce	Fidonet RU.ODINOKOE.SERDCE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.offspring	Fidonet RU.OFFSPRING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.oil.refining	Fidonet RU.OIL.REFINING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.okha		Fidonet RU.OKHA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.oldie		Fidonet RU.OLDIE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.old-young	Fidonet RU.OLD-YOUNG -         (Moderated)
fido7.ru.olimp.tasks	Fidonet RU.OLIMP.TASKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.onamalea	Fidonet RU.ONAMALEA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.onanizm.alt	Fidonet RU.ONANIZM.ALT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.onanizm	Fidonet RU.ONANIZM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.oops		Fidonet RU.OOPS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.opengl		Fidonet RU.OPENGL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.opera		Fidonet RU.OPERA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.oracle.ug	Fidonet RU.ORACLE.UG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.orchids	Fidonet RU.ORCHIDS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.orienteering	Fidonet RU.ORIENTEERING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.os.change	Fidonet RU.OS.CHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.os.cmp		Fidonet RU.OS.CMP - OS comparison (Moderated)
fido7.ru.os.development	Fidonet RU.OS.DEVELOPMENT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.os.hard.low.programming	Fidonet RU.OS.HARD.LOW.PROGRAMMING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.osho		Fidonet RU.OSHO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.os.interface	Fidonet RU.OS.INTERFACE - Interface (Moderated)
fido7.ru.o-s-p		Fidonet RU.O-S-P (Moderated)
fido7.ru.os.setup	Fidonet RU.OS.SETUP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.othernet.talk	Fidonet RU.OTHERNET.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.otmazki	Fidonet RU.OTMAZKI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ouros		Fidonet RU.OUROS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.out		Fidonet RU.OUT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.overclocking	Fidonet RU.OVERCLOCKING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.oxpaha		Fidonet RU.OXPAHA (Moderated)
fido7.ruoz.chat		Fidonet RUOZ.CHAT - Russia-Australia talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pacta		Fidonet RU.PACTA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.padonak.talk	Fidonet RU.PADONAK.TALK -      (Moderated)
fido7.ru.paganism	Fidonet RU.PAGANISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.page.making	Fidonet RU.PAGE.MAKING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pagers		Fidonet RU.PAGERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pagers.operator	Fidonet RU.PAGERS.OPERATOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.paging		Fidonet RU.PAGING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.paint.ball	Fidonet RU.PAINT.BALL - Paint ball (Moderated)
fido7.ru.palmos.programming	Fidonet RU.PALMOS.PROGRAMMING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.palmtop	Fidonet RU.PALMTOP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.paragliding	Fidonet RU.PARAGLIDING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.parapsychology	Fidonet RU.PARAPSYCHOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.parnas		Fidonet RU.PARNAS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pascal.asm	Fidonet RU.PASCAL.ASM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pascal.chainik	Fidonet RU.PASCAL.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pascal		Fidonet RU.PASCAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pascal.robots	Fidonet RU.PASCAL.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pascal.sources	Fidonet RU.PASCAL.SOURCES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pascal.tv	Fidonet RU.PASCAL.TV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pelevin	Fidonet RU.PELEVIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.people.search	Fidonet RU.PEOPLE.SEARCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.perl		Fidonet RU.PERL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.perlowka	Fidonet RU.PERLOWKA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pervasive	Fidonet RU.PERVASIVE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pfr		Fidonet RU.PFR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.phocus.pocus	Fidonet RU.PHOCUS.POCUS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.photo.digital.dslr	Fidonet RU.PHOTO.DIGITAL.DSLR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.photo.digital	Fidonet RU.PHOTO.DIGITAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.photo.digital.imaging	Fidonet RU.PHOTO.DIGITAL.IMAGING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.photo		Fidonet RU.PHOTO - phote (Moderated)
fido7.ru.photo.rus	Fidonet RU.PHOTO.RUS -       (Moderated)
fido7.ru.photo.slr-dslr	Fidonet RU.PHOTO.SLR_DSLR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.php.chainik	Fidonet RU.PHP.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.php		Fidonet RU.PHP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.phreaks	Fidonet RU.PHREAKS - phreaks [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.physics	Fidonet RU.PHYSICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pickup		Fidonet RU.PICKUP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pickup.filtered	Fidonet RU.PICKUP.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pickup.guru	Fidonet RU.PICKUP.GURU (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pickup.nlp	Fidonet RU.PICKUP.NLP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pickup.pioneer	Fidonet RU.PICKUP.PIONEER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.picmicro	Fidonet RU.PICMICRO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pictures.psevdo.graf	Fidonet RU.PICTURES.PSEVDO.GRAF (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pink.floyd	Fidonet RU.PINK.FLOYD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pioneer	Fidonet RU.PIONEER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.piroman	Fidonet RU.PIROMAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pitanie	Fidonet RU.PITANIE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.plastic.cards	Fidonet RU.PLASTIC.CARDS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.playstation	Fidonet RU.PLAYSTATION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pl-i		Fidonet RU.PL/I (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pntnode	Fidonet RU.PNTNODE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.podmoskovie.talks	Fidonet RU.PODMOSKOVIE.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.poet		Fidonet RU.POET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.poet.talks	Fidonet RU.POET.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.po.gribi.po.yagodi	Fidonet RU.PO.GRIBI.PO.YAGODI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.point.othernet	Fidonet RU.POINT.OTHERNET [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.poison		Fidonet RU.POISON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pokemon	Fidonet RU.POKEMON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pol.opposition	Fidonet RU.POL.OPPOSITION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.poputchik	Fidonet RU.POPUTCHIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.portwein	Fidonet RU.PORTWEIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.poruchik	Fidonet RU.PORUCHIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.post-office	Fidonet RU.POST_OFFICE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.powerbuilder	Fidonet RU.POWERBUILDER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pozhar		Fidonet RU.POZHAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pravilno	Fidonet RU.PRAVILNO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pravoslavie.talk	Fidonet RU.PRAVOSLAVIE.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pretty.girls	Fidonet RU.PRETTY.GIRLS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pr		Fidonet RU.PR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pricol		Fidonet RU.PRICOL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.prikol		Fidonet RU.PRIKOL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.print		Fidonet RU.PRINT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.private.finances	Fidonet RU.PRIVATE.FINANCES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.problem	Fidonet RU.PROBLEM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.progamer	Fidonet RU.PROGAMER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.program.games	Fidonet RU.PROGRAM.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.programming.languages	Fidonet RU.PROGRAMMING.LANGUAGES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.progressive	Fidonet RU.PROGRESSIVE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.protect	Fidonet RU.PROTECT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.province	Fidonet RU.PROVINCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.psychedelic	Fidonet RU.PSYCHEDELIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.psychiatry.profy	Fidonet RU.PSYCHIATRY.PROFY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.psychology	Fidonet RU.PSYCHOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.psychology.profy	Fidonet RU.PSYCHOLOGY.PROFY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.punk.rock	Fidonet RU.PUNK.ROCK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.punks.talks	Fidonet RU.PUNKS.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pupil		Fidonet RU.PUPIL - Pupils (Moderated)
fido7.ru.putin		Fidonet RU.PUTIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pvt.adv	Fidonet RU.PVT.ADV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pyanka		Fidonet RU.PYANKA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.python		Fidonet RU.PYTHON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.pyt-yah	Fidonet RU.PYT_YAH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.qico		Fidonet RU.QICO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.qnx		Fidonet RU.QNX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.qu2		Fidonet RU.QU2 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rabbit		Fidonet RU.RABBIT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.radio.maximum	Fidonet RU.RADIO.MAXIMUM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.radio.modern	Fidonet RU.RADIO.MODERN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.radio.samopay	Fidonet RU.RADIO.SAMOPAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rafael		Fidonet RU.RAFAEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ragnarok.online	Fidonet RU.RAGNAROK.ONLINE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.railway.models	Fidonet RU.RAILWAY.MODELS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.railways	Fidonet RU.RAILWAYS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.railways.info	Fidonet RU.RAILWAYS.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rainshire	Fidonet RU.RAINSHIRE -    (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rammstein	Fidonet RU.RAMMSTEIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rap		Fidonet RU.RAP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rap.work	Fidonet RU.RAP.WORK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rastaman	Fidonet RU.RASTAMAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rdbms.oracle	Fidonet RU.RDBMS.ORACLE - Oracle DBMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.reality	Fidonet RU.REALITY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.real.life	Fidonet RU.REAL.LIFE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.red-and-white	Fidonet RU.RED_AND_WHITE_RUSSIA -     (Moderated)
fido7.ru.red.kakahaz	Fidonet RU.RED.KAKAHAZ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.referat	Fidonet RU.REFERAT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.regina.support	Fidonet RU.REGINA.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.reiki		Fidonet RU.REIKI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.religforum	Fidonet RU.RELIGFORUM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.remont		Fidonet RU.REMONT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rest		Fidonet RU.REST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rexx		Fidonet RU.REXX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rf.lazy	Fidonet RU.RF.LAZY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.road		Fidonet RU.ROAD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.robotics	Fidonet RU.ROBOTICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rockabilly	Fidonet RU.ROCKABILLY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rock.club	Fidonet RU.ROCK.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rockwell	Fidonet RU.ROCKWELL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.romantic	Fidonet RU.ROMANTIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg.bazar	Fidonet RU.RPG.BAZAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg.catacomb	Fidonet RU.RPG.CATACOMB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg.club	Fidonet RU.RPG.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg.combat	Fidonet RU.RPG.COMBAT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg		Fidonet RU.RPG - Role playing games (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg.polygon	Fidonet RU.RPG.POLYGON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg.sagas	Fidonet RU.RPG.SAGAS - Role playing games (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg.seminar	Fidonet RU.RPG.SEMINAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpgt.ad-d	Fidonet RU.RPGT.AD&D (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpgt.cyberpunk	Fidonet RU.RPGT.CYBERPUNK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpg.text	Fidonet RU.RPG.TEXT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpgt.gaming	Fidonet RU.RPGT.GAMING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpgt.gurps	Fidonet RU.RPGT.GURPS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpgt.masters	Fidonet RU.RPGT.MASTERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpgt.other	Fidonet RU.RPGT.OTHER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpgt.play	Fidonet RU.RPGT.PLAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rpgt.time.begin.judgment	Fidonet RU.RPGT.TIME.BEGIN.JUDGMENT - p Hc yy (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rsbank		Fidonet RU.RSBANK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rss2fido	Fidonet RU.RSS2FIDO -    rss2fido (Moderated)
fido7.ru.runes		Fidonet RU.RUNES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rus.hard-heavy	Fidonet RU.RUS.HARD&HEAVY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rusifikator	Fidonet RU.RUSIFIKATOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.russia		Fidonet RU.RUSSIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.russian.f1916	Fidonet RU.RUSSIAN.1916 - i    i (Moderated)
fido7.ru.russian	Fidonet RU.RUSSIAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.russophobia	Fidonet RU.RUSSOPHOBIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.rybinsky	Fidonet RU.RYBINSKY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sadov		Fidonet RU.SADOV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.safeguard	Fidonet RU.SAFEGUARD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sailormoon	Fidonet RU.SAILORMOON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.saint.george	Fidonet RU.SAINT.GEORGE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sale-exchange.comp	Fidonet RU.SALE_EXCHANGE.COMP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sambo		Fidonet RU.SAMBO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.samodelka	Fidonet RU.SAMODELKA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.samomoderirova	Fidonet RU.SAMOMODERIROVANIE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sandra		Fidonet RU.SANDRA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.san-izone	Fidonet RU.SAN_IZONE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.san-izone.talks	Fidonet RU.SAN_IZONE.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sap-r3		Fidonet RU.SAP_R3 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.satanism	Fidonet RU.SATANISM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sat.chainik	Fidonet RU.SAT.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.satellite.tv.crypt	Fidonet RU.SATELLITE.TV.CRYPT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sat		Fidonet RU.SAT - Sattelites (Moderated)
fido7.ru.satire		Fidonet RU.SATIRE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sat.news	Fidonet RU.SAT.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sat.pricelist	Fidonet RU.SAT.PRICELIST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sat.tv.guide	Fidonet RU.SAT.TV.GUIDE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sbis		Fidonet RU.SBIS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.scada		Fidonet RU.SCADA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.scherbakov	Fidonet RU.SCHERBAKOV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.school		Fidonet RU.SCHOOL - schoolchildren (Moderated)
fido7.ru.school.shpora	Fidonet RU.SCHOOL.SHPORA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.science	Fidonet RU.SCIENCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.scoblov.clb	Fidonet RU.SCOBLOV.CLB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.scooterclub	Fidonet RU.SCOOTERCLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.scooter.talk	Fidonet RU.SCOOTER.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.scuba		Fidonet RU.SCUBA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sea.battle	Fidonet RU.SEA.BATTLE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sea		Fidonet RU.SEA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.search.people	Fidonet RU.SEARCH.PEOPLE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sector-gaza.etc	Fidonet RU.SECTOR_GAZA.ETC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.security	Fidonet RU.SECURITY - computer security (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sekta		Fidonet RU.SEKTA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.semiotics	Fidonet RU.SEMIOTICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sen-prod	Fidonet RU.SEN_PROD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.seti.at.home	Fidonet RU.SETI.AT.HOME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.adv	Fidonet RU.SEX.ADV - Sex ads (noncommercial) [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.adv.talk	Fidonet RU.SEX.ADV.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.condoms	Fidonet RU.SEX.CONDOMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.english	Fidonet RU.SEX.ENGLISH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.exchange	Fidonet RU.SEX.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.extreme	Fidonet RU.SEX.EXTREME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex		Fidonet RU.SEX - Sex (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.gay	Fidonet RU.SEX.GAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.hotel	Fidonet RU.SEX.HOTEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.humor	Fidonet RU.SEX.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.oral	Fidonet RU.SEX.ORAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.pictures.uue	Fidonet RU.SEX.PICTURES.UUE - Sex pictures (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.sado-mazo	Fidonet RU.SEX.SADO&MAZO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.simvol	Fidonet RU.SEX.SIMVOL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.support	Fidonet RU.SEX.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.text	Fidonet RU.SEX.TEXT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sexual.difference	Fidonet RU.SEXUAL.DIFFERENCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sex.win95	Fidonet RU.SEX.WIN95 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sf.bibliography	Fidonet RU.SF.BIBLIOGRAPHY (Moderated)
fido7.rus.flora		Fidonet RUS.FLORA - flora talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sfmail		Fidonet RU.SFMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sf.news	Fidonet RU.SF.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sf.seminar	Fidonet RU.SF.SEMINAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sgi		Fidonet RU.SGI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sgml		Fidonet RU.SGML (Moderated)
fido7.ru.shares		Fidonet RU.SHARES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.shell.dn.devel	Fidonet RU.SHELL.DN.DEVEL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.shell.dn	Fidonet RU.SHELL.DN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.shell		Fidonet RU.SHELL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.shell.fm	Fidonet RU.SHELL.FM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ships		Fidonet RU.SHIPS - ships (Moderated)
fido7.ru.shooshpanchik	Fidonet RU.SHOOSHPANCHIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sick		Fidonet RU.SICK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.siemens	Fidonet RU.SIEMENS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.simpsons	Fidonet RU.SIMPSONS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.skeptik	Fidonet RU.SKEPTIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.skifia		Fidonet RU.SKIFIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.slavic		Fidonet RU.SLAVIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.slavyane	Fidonet RU.SLAVYANE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.smalltalk	Fidonet RU.SMALLTALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.smodem		Fidonet RU.SMODEM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.smoke		Fidonet RU.SMOKE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.snowboard	Fidonet RU.SNOWBOARD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.socionic	Fidonet RU.SOCIONIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.socionic.ray	Fidonet RU.SOCIONIC.RAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.softad		Fidonet RU.SOFTAD - noncommercial software ads. (Moderated)
fido7.ru.softice	Fidonet RU.SOFTICE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.software.choice	Fidonet RU.SOFTWARE.CHOICE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.solidworks	Fidonet RU.SOLIDWORKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.solo		Fidonet RU.SOLO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sotsoft	Fidonet RU.SOTSOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sovet		Fidonet RU.SOVET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.soviet.nostalgie	Fidonet RU.SOVIET.NOSTALGIE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.space		Fidonet RU.SPACE - Cosmic space (Moderated)
fido7.ru.space.news	Fidonet RU.SPACE.NEWS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.spacesoc.support	Fidonet RU.SPACESOC.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.spam		Fidonet RU.SPAM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.spam.filtered	Fidonet RU.SPAM.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.spartak	Fidonet RU.SPARTAK.ALL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.spartak.moscow	Fidonet RU.SPARTAK.MOSCOW (Moderated)
fido7.rus.pcad		Fidonet RUS.PCAD - PCAD program (Moderated)
fido7.ru.special.technics	Fidonet RU.SPECIAL.TECHNICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.speleolog	Fidonet RU.SPELEOLOG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.spelling	Fidonet RU.SPELLING (Moderated)
fido7.rus.pets.exotic	Fidonet RUS.PETS.EXOTIC (Moderated)
fido7.rus.pets		Fidonet RUS.PETS - pets (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.basketball	Fidonet RU.SPORT.BASKETBALL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.express	Fidonet RU.SPORT.EXPRESS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.fans	Fidonet RU.SPORT.FANS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.football	Fidonet RU.SPORT.FOOTBALL - Football (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.football.news	Fidonet RU.SPORT.FOOTBALL.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.games	Fidonet RU.SPORT.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.hockey	Fidonet RU.SPORT.HOCKEY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.other	Fidonet RU.SPORT.OTHER - sport (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.simulators	Fidonet RU.SPORT.SIMULATORS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sport.soccer	Fidonet RU.SPORT.SOCCER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.squish		Fidonet RU.SQUISH - Squish program (Moderated)
fido7.russian.freedom.anekdot	Fidonet RUSSIAN.FREEDOM.ANEKDOT (Moderated)
fido7.russian.journal	Fidonet RUSSIAN.JOURNAL (Moderated)
fido7.russian.sex	Fidonet RUSSIAN.SEX - Sex (Moderated)
fido7.russian.superstars	Fidonet RUSSIAN.SUPERSTARS (Moderated)
fido7.russian-tutor	Fidonet RUSSIAN_TUTOR (Moderated)
fido7.russian.z1.cars	Fidonet RUSSIAN.Z1.CARS (Moderated)
fido7.russian.z1	Fidonet RUSSIAN.Z1 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.russian.z1.job	Fidonet RUSSIAN.Z1.JOB (Moderated)
fido7.russian.z1.pol	Fidonet RUSSIAN.Z1.POL (Moderated)
fido7.russian.z3	Fidonet RUSSIAN.Z3 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sstv-digital	Fidonet RU.SSTV&DIGITAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.stars		Fidonet RU.STARS! (Moderated)
fido7.ru.startrek	Fidonet RU.STARTREK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.star.wars.bazar	Fidonet RU.STAR.WARS.BAZAR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.star.wars	Fidonet RU.STAR.WARS - star wars fans (Moderated)
fido7.ru.star.wars.games	Fidonet RU.STAR.WARS.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.stat		Fidonet RU.STAT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.statistics	Fidonet RU.STATISTICS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.stephenking	Fidonet RU.STEPHENKING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.stomatology	Fidonet RU.STOMATOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.strack		Fidonet RU.STRACK - ScreamTracker program (Moderated)
fido7.ru.strack.gus	Fidonet RU.STRACK.GUS - Scream tracker (Moderated)
fido7.ru.strange.fantasy	Fidonet RU.STRANGE.FANTASY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.strongman	Fidonet RU.STRONGMAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.student.life	Fidonet RU.STUDENT.LIFE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.student.tales	Fidonet RU.STUDENT.TALES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.student.talks	Fidonet RU.STUDENT.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.style		Fidonet RU.STYLE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.subway		Fidonet RU.SUBWAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.suicide	Fidonet RU.SUICIDE - Suicide (Moderated)
fido7.ru.suicide.poetry	Fidonet RU.SUICIDE.POETRY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sunmicro	Fidonet RU.SUNMICRO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.suomi		Fidonet RU.SUOMI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.superidea	Fidonet RU.SUPERIDEA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.surgut		Fidonet RU.SURGUT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.symantec	Fidonet RU.SYMANTEC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.symbian	Fidonet RU.SYMBIAN -       Symbian (Moderated)
fido7.ru.syntone.club	Fidonet RU.SYNTONE.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.sysop		Fidonet RU.SYSOP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.taekwon-do	Fidonet RU.TAEKWON-DO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.taimyr		Fidonet RU.TAIMYR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tais.maximova	Fidonet RU.TAIS.MAXIMOVA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.talk.deutsch	Fidonet RU.TALK.DEUTSCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.talk.english	Fidonet RU.TALK.ENGLISH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tattoo		Fidonet RU.TATTOO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.taurus		Fidonet RU.TAURUS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tcl		Fidonet RU.TCL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tea		Fidonet RU.TEA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.teenagers	Fidonet RU.TEENAGERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tekcta		Fidonet RU.TEKCTA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.telecom	Fidonet RU.TELECOM - Telecommunications (Moderated)
fido7.ru.telepuziki	Fidonet RU.TELEPUZIKI (Moderated)
fido7.ru.teletext	Fidonet RU.TELETEXT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.terekhov	Fidonet RU.TEREKHOV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.terminal	Fidonet RU.TERMINAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.terminate	Fidonet RU.TERMINATE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tex		Fidonet RU.TEX - TeX word processor (Moderated)
fido7.ru.textmode.art	Fidonet RU.TEXTMODE.ART (Moderated)
fido7.ru.t-grad		Fidonet RU.T-GRAD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.theatre	Fidonet RU.THEATRE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.thelema	Fidonet RU.THELEMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.theology.general	Fidonet RU.THEOLOGY.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.thesims	Fidonet RU.THESIMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tmt		Fidonet RU.TMT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tobacco	Fidonet RU.TOBACCO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.toon		Fidonet RU.TOON (Moderated)
fido7.ru.topspeed	Fidonet RU.TOPSPEED - TopSpeed compilers (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tortoise	Fidonet RU.TORTOISE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tourclub.talks	Fidonet RU.TOURCLUB.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tourism	Fidonet RU.TOURISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tourism.texts	Fidonet RU.TOURISM.TEXTS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tracers	Fidonet RU.TRACERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.trackers	Fidonet RU.TRACKERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.trade-equipmen	Fidonet RU.TRADE_EQUIPMENT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tradesoft	Fidonet RU.TRADESOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.trading.card.games	Fidonet RU.TRADING.CARD.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.trading	Fidonet RU.TRADING -       (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tram		Fidonet RU.TRAM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tramway	Fidonet RU.TRAMWAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.transformers	Fidonet RU.TRANSFORMERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.t-r		Fidonet RU.T$R (Moderated)
fido7.ru.triz		Fidonet RU.TRIZ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.trojan		Fidonet RU.TROJAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.trud-union	Fidonet RU.TRUD_UNION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tv6		Fidonet RU.TV6 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tvgame		Fidonet RU.TVGAME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tv.program.announce	Fidonet RU.TV.PROGRAM.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tv.reklama	Fidonet RU.TV.REKLAMA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tv-show	Fidonet RU.TV_SHOW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tv.talk	Fidonet RU.TV.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tv.urgent	Fidonet RU.TV.URGENT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.tv.zest	Fidonet RU.TV.ZEST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ufo		Fidonet RU.UFO - UFO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ufo.talks	Fidonet RU.UFO.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ufo.theory	Fidonet RU.UFO.THEORY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.ultrasound	Fidonet RU.ULTRASOUND (Moderated)
fido7.ru.umka		Fidonet RU.UMKA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unhuman	Fidonet RU.UNHUMAN [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.aix	Fidonet RU.UNIX.AIX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.bsd	Fidonet RU.UNIX.BSD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix		Fidonet RU.UNIX - UNIX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.ftn	Fidonet RU.UNIX.FTN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.hpux	Fidonet RU.UNIX.HPUX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.linux	Fidonet RU.UNIX.LINUX - Linux OS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.multimedia	Fidonet RU.UNIX.MULTIMEDIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.prog	Fidonet RU.UNIX.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.sco	Fidonet RU.UNIX.SCO - SCO UNIX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.unix.solaris	Fidonet RU.UNIX.SOLARIS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.upgrade	Fidonet RU.UPGRADE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.up-n-down	Fidonet RU.UP'N'DOWN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.upndown	Fidonet RU.UPNDOWN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.url		Fidonet RU.URL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.usa		Fidonet RU.USA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.usr.chainik	Fidonet RU.USR.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.usr		Fidonet RU.USR - US Robotics modems (Moderated)
fido7.ru.usr.firmware	Fidonet RU.USR.FIRMWARE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.utekay		Fidonet RU.UTEKAY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.uucp		Fidonet RU.UUCP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.uuencode	Fidonet RU.UUENCODE - misc binaries (Moderated)
fido7.ru.uue.sysop.pic	Fidonet RU.UUE.SYSOP.PIC - Sysop's portraits (Moderated)
fido7.ru.uue.sysop.wav	Fidonet RU.UUE.SYSOP.WAV - Sysops voices (Moderated)
fido7.ru.uue.talk	Fidonet RU.UUE.TALK - Talk on uuencoded data (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vampires	Fidonet RU.VAMPIRES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vasilyev	Fidonet RU.VASILYEV (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vbscript	Fidonet RU.VBSCRIPT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vc		Fidonet RU.VC [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vd.martial.arts	Fidonet RU.VD.MARTIAL.ARTS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vegetarian	Fidonet RU.VEGETARIAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.velo		Fidonet RU.VELO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.venture	Fidonet RU.VENTURE - Setup of buisnesses (Moderated)
fido7.ru.veterinary	Fidonet RU.VETERINARY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.video.exch	Fidonet RU.VIDEO.EXCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.video		Fidonet RU.VIDEO - home video (Moderated)
fido7.ru.video.films	Fidonet RU.VIDEO.FILMS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.video.happy.end	Fidonet RU.VIDEO.HAPPY.END [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.video.lexx	Fidonet RU.VIDEO.LEXX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.video.series	Fidonet RU.VIDEO.SERIES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.video.x-files	Fidonet RU.VIDEO.X_FILES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vim		Fidonet RU.VIM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vinnitsa.lost	Fidonet RU.VINNITSA.LOST -  fido . (Moderated)
fido7.ru.violettenet	Fidonet RU.VIOLETTENET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.virtual.life	Fidonet RU.VIRTUAL.LIFE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.virus		Fidonet RU.VIRUS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vist		Fidonet RU.VIST (Moderated)
fido7.ru.visualage.cpp	Fidonet RU.VISUALAGE.CPP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.visual.basic.chainik	Fidonet RU.VISUAL.BASIC.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.visual.basic.faq	Fidonet RU.VISUAL.BASIC.FAQ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.visual.basic	Fidonet RU.VISUAL.BASIC (Moderated)
fido7.ru.visual.cpp	Fidonet RU.VISUAL.CPP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.visual.foxpro	Fidonet RU.VISUAL.FOXPRO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vocal		Fidonet RU.VOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vodka		Fidonet RU.VODKA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.voghatiy	Fidonet RU.VOGHATIY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.voip		Fidonet RU.VOIP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vorkosigan	Fidonet RU.VORKOSIGAN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vp		Fidonet RU.VP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vrml		Fidonet RU.VRML (Moderated)
fido7.ru.vysotsky	Fidonet RU.VYSOTSKY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.want.know	Fidonet RU.WANT.ALL.KNOW (Moderated)
fido7.ru.wap		Fidonet RU.WAP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.wardrive	Fidonet RU.WARDRIVE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.warhammer.club	Fidonet RU.WARHAMMER.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.ru.weapon.air	Fidonet RU.WEAPON.AIR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.weapon.cold	Fidonet RU.WEAPON.COLD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.weapon		Fidonet RU.WEAPON - Weapons (Moderated)
fido7.ru.weapon.heavy	Fidonet RU.WEAPON.HEAVY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.weapon.sf-game	Fidonet RU.WEAPON.SF&GAME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.weapon.uue	Fidonet RU.WEAPON.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.web.browsers	Fidonet RU.WEB.BROWSERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.web.construction	Fidonet RU.WEB.CONSTRUCTION (Moderated)
fido7.ru.web.design	Fidonet RU.WEB.DESIGN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.webservers	Fidonet RU.WEBSERVERS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.web.show-your-site	Fidonet RU.WEB.SHOW_YOUR_SITE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.website	Fidonet RU.WEBSITE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.white.power	Fidonet RU.WHITE.POWER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.who-are-they	Fidonet RU.WHO_ARE_THEY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.win3x		Fidonet RU.WIN3X [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.winamp		Fidonet RU.WINAMP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.wincmd		Fidonet RU.WINCMD (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.f2000.admin	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.2000.ADMIN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.f2000.chainik	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.2000.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.f2000	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.2000 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.f2000.isa	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.2000.ISA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.f2003	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.2003 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.longhorn	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.LONGHORN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.me	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.ME (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.admin	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.ADMIN [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.backoffice	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.BACKOFFICE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.beta	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.BETA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.chainik	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.faq	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.FAQ (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.fido	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.FIDO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.hardware	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.HARDWARE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.internet	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.INTERNET (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.tse	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.TSE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.nt.wanted	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.NT.WANTED (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.xp.chainik	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.XP.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.windows.xp	Fidonet RU.WINDOWS.XP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.wine		Fidonet RU.WINE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.winmodem	Fidonet RU.WINMODEM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.winpoint	Fidonet RU.WINPOINT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.wksoft		Fidonet RU.WKSOFT (Moderated)
fido7.ru.world.war.ii	Fidonet RU.WORLD.WAR.II (Moderated)
fido7.ru.wrestling	Fidonet RU.WRESTLING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.www.favorites	Fidonet RU.WWW.FAVORITES (Moderated)
fido7.ru.x25.fr		Fidonet RU.X25.FR (Moderated)
fido7.ru.xakep		Fidonet RU.XAKEP (Moderated)
fido7.ru.xenophobia	Fidonet RU.XENOPHOBIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.xml		Fidonet RU.XML (Moderated)
fido7.ru.xpg.xmail32	Fidonet RU.XPG.XMAIL32 (Moderated)
fido7.ru.xpicmusic.hatch	Fidonet RU.XPICMUSIC.HATCH (Moderated)
fido7.ru.xpicsex	Fidonet RU.XPICSEX (Moderated)
fido7.ru.x-webmaster	Fidonet RU.X-WEBMASTER (Moderated)
fido7.ru.y2k		Fidonet RU.Y2K (Moderated)
fido7.ru.yabloko	Fidonet RU.YABLOKO (Moderated)
fido7.ru.yablonsky	Fidonet RU.YABLONSKY - Yablonsky's friends talks (Moderated)
fido7.ru.yachting	Fidonet RU.YACHTING (Moderated)
fido7.ru.yaff		Fidonet RU.YAFF (Moderated)
fido7.ru.young.family	Fidonet RU.YOUNG.FAMILY (Moderated)
fido7.ru.yugoslavia	Fidonet RU.YUGOSLAVIA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.zasteklom	Fidonet RU.ZASTEKLOM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.zeliboba	Fidonet RU.ZELIBOBA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.zemfira	Fidonet RU.ZEMFIRA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.zen		Fidonet RU.ZEN (Moderated)
fido7.ru.zionism	Fidonet RU.ZIONISM (Moderated)
fido7.ru.znakomstva	Fidonet RU.ZNAKOMSTVA (Moderated)
fido7.ru.znatok		Fidonet RU.ZNATOK (Moderated)
fido7.ru.zrenie		Fidonet RU.ZRENIE (Moderated)
fido7.ru.zyxel		Fidonet RU.ZYXEL (Moderated)
fido7.scs.metalsport	Fidonet SCS.METALSPORT (Moderated)
fido7.sebastopol.talk	Fidonet SEBASTOPOL.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.sib.fileecho	Fidonet SIB.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.skazki.forever	Fidonet SKAZKI.FOREVER (Moderated)
fido7.sl.announce	Fidonet SL.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.sl.echo		Fidonet SL.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.sl.statistics	Fidonet SL.STATISTICS (Moderated)
fido7.sl.talk		Fidonet SL.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.smaster.announce	Fidonet SMASTER.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.smaster.talk	Fidonet SMASTER.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.smr.general	Fidonet SMR.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.sound		Fidonet FIDO7.SOUND - Computer sound processing (Moderated)
fido7.sound.uue		Fidonet FIDO7.SOUND.UUE - Binary sounds (Moderated)
fido7.sound.uue.report	Fidonet FIDO7.SOUND.UUE.REPORT (Moderated)
fido7.spb.abtopemoht	Fidonet SPB.ABTOPEMOHT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.ambient	Fidonet SPB.AMBIENT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.anime		Fidonet SPB.ANIME [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.anti.ats	Fidonet SPB.ANTI.ATS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.aquaria	Fidonet SPB.AQUARIA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.astronomy	Fidonet SPB.ASTRONOMY [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.awe		Fidonet SPB.AWE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.awe.samples	Fidonet SPB.AWE.SAMPLES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.bac-ka	Fidonet SPB.BAC'KA (Moderated)
fido7.spb.bbs		Fidonet SPB.BBS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.beavis-butthea	Fidonet SPB.BEAVIS&BUTTHEAD [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.beer		Fidonet SPB.BEER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.bicycle	Fidonet SPB.BICYCLE (Moderated)
fido7.spb.billiards	Fidonet SPB.BILLIARDS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.bonch		Fidonet SPB.BONCH [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.bone		Fidonet SPB.BONE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.book-keeping	Fidonet SPB.BOOK-KEEPING [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.books		Fidonet SPB.BOOKS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.business.audio	Fidonet SPB.BUSINESS.AUDIO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.business	Fidonet SPB.BUSINESS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.business.mobile	Fidonet SPB.BUSINESS.MOBILE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cars.cb	Fidonet SPB.CARS.CB [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cars.exchange	Fidonet SPB.CARS.EXCHANGE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cars		Fidonet SPB.CARS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cars.moskvich	Fidonet SPB.CARS.MOSKVICH [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cars.uue	Fidonet SPB.CARS.UUE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cd.audio	Fidonet SPB.CD.AUDIO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cdrom		Fidonet SPB.CDROM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cdrom.free	Fidonet SPB.CDROM.FREE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cdrom.pirates	Fidonet SPB.CDROM.PIRATES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cdrom.prices	Fidonet SPB.CDROM.PRICES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cellular	Fidonet SPB.CELLULAR [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.cellular.nwgsm	Fidonet SPB.CELLULAR.NWGSM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.center	Fidonet SPB.CENTER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.chemistry	Fidonet SPB.CHEMISTRY [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.clubber	Fidonet SPB.CLUBBER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.collection	Fidonet SPB.COLLECTION [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.copoka	Fidonet SPB.COPOKA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.culture	Fidonet SPB.CULTURE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.dance		Fidonet SPB.DANCE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.disney	Fidonet SPB.DISNEY [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.dolphin	Fidonet SPB.DOLPHIN [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.doom		Fidonet SPB.DOOM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.drozdov	Fidonet SPB.DROZDOV [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.drum-bass.mp3	Fidonet SPB.DRUM&BASS.MP3 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.echoes	Fidonet SPB.ECHOES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.ecology	Fidonet SPB.ECOLOGY [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.economy	Fidonet SPB.ECONOMY [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.efl		Fidonet SPB.EFL - English as foreign language [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.electr.component	Fidonet SPB.ELECTR.COMPONENT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.exchange	Fidonet SPB.EXCHANGE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.f02		Fidonet SPB.02 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.f09		Fidonet SPB.09 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.f09.food.and.drink	Fidonet SPB.09.FOOD.AND.DRINK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.f09.talks	Fidonet SPB.09.TALKS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.f1		Fidonet SPB.F1 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.fec		Fidonet SPB.FEC [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.files.allfix	Fidonet SPB.FILES.ALLFIX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.files		Fidonet SPB.FILES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.files.mp3	Fidonet SPB.FILES.MP3 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.files.mp3.rock	Fidonet SPB.FILES.MP3.ROCK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.files.mp3.shanson	Fidonet SPB.FILES.MP3.SHANSON [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.files.video	Fidonet SPB.FILES.VIDEO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.flats		Fidonet SPB.FLATS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.fml239	Fidonet SPB.FML239 (Moderated)
fido7.spb.formula1	Fidonet SPB.FORMULA1 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.freud		Fidonet SPB.FREUD (Moderated)
fido7.spb.game.club.admin	Fidonet SPB.GAME.CLUB.ADMIN [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.game.club.info	Fidonet SPB.GAME.CLUB.INFO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.game.club.talk	Fidonet SPB.GAME.CLUB.TALK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.game.diablo	Fidonet SPB.GAME.DIABLO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.game.emul	Fidonet SPB.GAME.EMUL [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.game		Fidonet SPB.GAME - Videogames [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.game.modem	Fidonet SPB.GAME.MODEM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.games		Fidonet SPB.GAMES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.games.wanted	Fidonet SPB.GAMES.WANTED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.ganja		Fidonet SPB.GANJA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.general	Fidonet SPB.GENERAL - St. Petersburg general talks [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.girls.d	Fidonet SPB.GIRLS.D [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.gmtu		Fidonet SPB.GMTU [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.grazhdanka.talks	Fidonet SPB.GRAZHDANKA.TALKS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.guide		Fidonet SPB.GUIDE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.gutd		Fidonet SPB.GUTD [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.guvk		Fidonet SPB.GUVK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.halyava	Fidonet SPB.HALYAVA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.hardw		Fidonet SPB.HARDW [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.hardw.pricelist	Fidonet SPB.HARDW.PRICELIST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.hardw.repair	Fidonet SPB.HARDW.REPAIR [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.hardw.rom	Fidonet SPB.HARDW.ROM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.hi-fi		Fidonet SPB.HI-FI [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.hub		Fidonet SPB.HUB [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.hubs.pvt	Fidonet SPB.HUBS.PVT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.humor		Fidonet SPB.HUMOR [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.ifmo		Fidonet SPB.IFMO (Moderated)
fido7.spb.internet	Fidonet SPB.INTERNET [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.internet.prices	Fidonet SPB.INTERNET.PRICES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.internet.providers	Fidonet SPB.INTERNET.PROVIDERS (Moderated)
fido7.spb.job		Fidonet SPB.JOB [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.job.offer	Fidonet SPB.JOB.OFFER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.job.search	Fidonet SPB.JOB.SEARCH [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.job.service	Fidonet SPB.JOB.SERVICE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.job.talk	Fidonet SPB.JOB.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.spb.joyhouse.club	Fidonet SPB.JOYHOUSE.CLUB [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.kbh		Fidonet SPB.KBH [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.kids		Fidonet SPB.KIDS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.ksp		Fidonet SPB.KSP [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.ksp.tex	Fidonet SPB.KSP.TEX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.leei		Fidonet SPB.LEEI - Students of LETI [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.leningrad	Fidonet SPB.LENINGRAD [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.life.talk	Fidonet SPB.LIFE.TALK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.linux		Fidonet SPB.LINUX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.longlake	Fidonet SPB.LONGLAKE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.love.club	Fidonet SPB.LOVE.CLUB [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.lovely.talks	Fidonet SPB.LOVELY.TALKS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.lug		Fidonet SPB.LUG [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.master	Fidonet SPB.MASTER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.metallostroy	Fidonet SPB.METALLOSTROY (Moderated)
fido7.spb.metro.club	Fidonet SPB.METRO.CLUB [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.modelism	Fidonet SPB.MODELISM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.mo.district	Fidonet SPB.MO.DISTRICT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.moto		Fidonet SPB.MOTO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.mpeg4		Fidonet SPB.MPEG4 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.music		Fidonet SPB.MUSIC [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.music.rave	Fidonet SPB.MUSIC.RAVE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.nc		Fidonet SPB.NC [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.nec		Fidonet SPB.NEC [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.netcon	Fidonet SPB.NETCON [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.os2.q-a	Fidonet SPB.OS2.Q&A [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.othernet	Fidonet SPB.OTHERNET [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.pager		Fidonet SPB.PAGER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.palmpilot	Fidonet SPB.PALMPILOT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.petergof	Fidonet SPB.PETERGOF [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.pgups		Fidonet SPB.PGUPS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.planets	Fidonet SPB.PLANETS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.plict		Fidonet SPB.PLICT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.point		Fidonet SPB.POINT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.point-newnode	Fidonet SPB.POINT-NEWNODE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.points.f666	Fidonet SPB.POINTS.666 [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.pool		Fidonet SPB.POOL [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.porno.video	Fidonet SPB.PORNO.VIDEO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.radio1.petrograd	Fidonet SPB.RADIO1.PETROGRAD [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.radio.comm	Fidonet SPB.RADIO.COMM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.radio.fm	Fidonet SPB.RADIO.FM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.r.a.t		Fidonet SPB.R.A.T [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.rescue	Fidonet SPB.RESCUE -    p (Moderated)
fido7.spb.rest.places.log	Fidonet SPB.REST.PLACES.LOG [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.rjevka.talks	Fidonet SPB.RJEVKA.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.spb.rollers	Fidonet SPB.ROLLERS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.rpg		Fidonet SPB.RPG (Moderated)
fido7.spb.rules		Fidonet SPB.RULES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.russian.erotic.uue	Fidonet SPB.RUSSIAN.EROTIC.UUE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.russian.rock	Fidonet SPB.RUSSIAN.ROCK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.school	Fidonet SPB.SCHOOL [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.science	Fidonet SPB.SCIENCE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.sex.adv	Fidonet SPB.SEX.ADV [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.sex		Fidonet SPB.SEX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.slalom	Fidonet SPB.SLALOM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.softw		Fidonet SPB.SOFTW [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.soldiers.mothers	Fidonet SPB.SOLDIERS.MOTHERS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.spartak.cinema	Fidonet SPB.SPARTAK.CINEMA [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.spbgtu.fem	Fidonet SPB.SPBGTU.FEM [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.spbgtu	Fidonet SPB.SPBGTU (Moderated)
fido7.spb.speccy	Fidonet SPB.SPECCY [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.sport.fans	Fidonet SPB.SPORT.FANS (Moderated)
fido7.spb.starcraft	Fidonet SPB.STARCRAFT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.stars.games	Fidonet SPB.STARS.GAMES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.stat		Fidonet SPB.STAT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.student	Fidonet SPB.STUDENT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.student.finec	Fidonet SPB.STUDENT.FINEC (Moderated)
fido7.spb.student.gaap	Fidonet SPB.STUDENT.GAAP [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.student.gukit	Fidonet SPB.STUDENT.GUKIT [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.student.rulez	Fidonet SPB.STUDENT.RULEZ [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.student.spggi	Fidonet SPB.STUDENT.SPGGI [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.student.super.cips	Fidonet SPB.STUDENT.SUPER.CIPS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.sysop.bbs	Fidonet SPB.SYSOP.BBS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.sysop.filtered	Fidonet SPB.SYSOP.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.sysop.imho	Fidonet SPB.SYSOP.IMHO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.sysop.talk	Fidonet SPB.SYSOP.TALK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.sysprg	Fidonet SPB.SYSPRG [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.telecom.operator	Fidonet SPB.TELECOM.OPERATOR [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.test		Fidonet SPB.TEST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.theatre	Fidonet SPB.THEATRE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.ti		Fidonet SPB.TI (Moderated)
fido7.spb.tourism	Fidonet SPB.TOURISM - Trips (Moderated)
fido7.spb.travel	Fidonet SPB.TRAVEL - Travels [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.tv		Fidonet SPB.TV [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.undead	Fidonet SPB.UNDEAD [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.universitet	Fidonet SPB.UNIVERSITET [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.unix		Fidonet SPB.UNIX [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.video		Fidonet SPB.VIDEO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.voenmeh	Fidonet SPB.VOENMEH [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.witch		Fidonet SPB.WITCH [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.wremechko	Fidonet SPB.WREMECHKO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.spb.zenit		Fidonet SPB.ZENIT (Moderated)
fido7.spb.zyxel		Fidonet SPB.ZYXEL [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.star.dreck	Fidonet STAR.DRECK (Moderated)
fido7.starper.unlimited	Fidonet STARPER.UNLIMITED (Moderated)
fido7.su.abandonware	Fidonet SU.ABANDONWARE (Moderated)
fido7.su.absent		Fidonet SU.ABSENT (Moderated)
fido7.su.absolute.text.cs	Fidonet SU.ABSOLUTE.TEXT.CS (Moderated)
fido7.su.absolute.text.em	Fidonet SU.ABSOLUTE.TEXT.EM (Moderated)
fido7.su.absolute.text.sq	Fidonet SU.ABSOLUTE.TEXT.SQ (Moderated)
fido7.su.adobe		Fidonet SU.ADOBE (Moderated)
fido7.su.adobe.photoshop	Fidonet SU.ADOBE.PHOTOSHOP (Moderated)
fido7.su.alt.tolkien	Fidonet SU.ALT.TOLKIEN - J.R.R.Tolkien fans (Moderated)
fido7.su.amber		Fidonet SU.AMBER (Moderated)
fido7.su.ancient.life	Fidonet SU.ANCIENT.LIFE (Moderated)
fido7.su.an-cr.care	Fidonet SU.AN&CR.CARE (Moderated)
fido7.su.announce.mp3	Fidonet SU.ANNOUNCE.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.su.anybody	Fidonet SU.ANYBODY - Anybody here? (Moderated)
fido7.su.archaeology	Fidonet SU.ARCHAEOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.su.astroclub	Fidonet SU.ASTROCLUB - Astrology (Moderated)
fido7.su.astronomy	Fidonet SU.ASTRONOMY (Moderated)
fido7.su.autotest	Fidonet SU.AUTOTEST (Moderated)
fido7.su.azart		Fidonet SU.AZART - Card and other games (Moderated)
fido7.su.beos		Fidonet SU.BEOS (Moderated)
fido7.su.blind		Fidonet SU.BLIND (Moderated)
fido7.su.bluesys-modtal	Fidonet SU.BLUESYS_MODTALK (Moderated)
fido7.su.books		Fidonet SU.BOOKS - books (Moderated)
fido7.su.books.filtered	Fidonet SU.BOOKS.FILTERED [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.books.for.children	Fidonet SU.BOOKS.FOR.CHILDREN (Moderated)
fido7.su.books.harry.potter	Fidonet SU.BOOKS.HARRY.POTTER [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.books.text	Fidonet SU.BOOKS.TEXT (Moderated)
fido7.su.business	Fidonet SU.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.su.card.game	Fidonet SU.CARD.GAME (Moderated)
fido7.su.cars		Fidonet SU.CARS - cars (Moderated)
fido7.su.cars.opel	Fidonet SU.CARS.OPEL (Moderated)
fido7.su.cbcs		Fidonet SU.CBCS - BBS software (Moderated)
fido7.su.c-cpp		Fidonet SU.C_CPP - C and C++ languages (Moderated)
fido7.su.chainik.faq	Fidonet SU.CHAINIK.FAQ [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.chainik	Fidonet SU.CHAINIK - new fidonetters Q&A (Moderated)
fido7.su.chainik.general	Fidonet SU.CHAINIK.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.chess		Fidonet SU.CHESS (Moderated)
fido7.su.chess.play	Fidonet SU.CHESS.PLAY (Moderated)
fido7.su.chicago	Fidonet SU.CHICAGO - Windows 96(!?) (Moderated)
fido7.su.civil-law	Fidonet SU.CIVIL_LAW - civil law (Moderated)
fido7.su.cm		Fidonet SU.CM (Moderated)
fido7.su.comp.industrial	Fidonet SU.COMP.INDUSTRIAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.comp.old	Fidonet SU.COMP.OLD (Moderated)
fido7.su.conflict	Fidonet SU.CONFLICT -    p (Moderated)
fido7.su.cool.stars	Fidonet SU.COOL.STARS (Moderated)
fido7.su.da-booge-crew	Fidonet SU.DA_BOOGE_CREW (Moderated)
fido7.su.dacha		Fidonet SU.DACHA - summer cottages (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms.case	Fidonet SU.DBMS.CASE (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms.db2	Fidonet SU.DBMS.DB2 (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms		Fidonet SU.DBMS - generic DBMS-es (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms.foxpro	Fidonet SU.DBMS.FOXPRO (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms.hytech	Fidonet SU.DBMS.HYTECH (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms.interbase	Fidonet SU.DBMS.INTERBASE (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms.mssql	Fidonet SU.DBMS.MSSQL (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms.mysql	Fidonet SU.DBMS.MYSQL (Moderated)
fido7.su.dbms.sql	Fidonet SU.DBMS.SQL (Moderated)
fido7.su.dinosaurus	Fidonet SU.DINOSAURUS (Moderated)
fido7.su.discworld	Fidonet SU.DISCWORLD -    (Moderated)
fido7.su.dragonlance	Fidonet SU.DRAGONLANCE (Moderated)
fido7.su.dsa		Fidonet SU.DSA (Moderated)
fido7.su.echomail	Fidonet SU.ECHOMAIL (Moderated)
fido7.su.emigration	Fidonet SU.EMIGRATION (Moderated)
fido7.su.energetic	Fidonet SU.ENERGETIC (Moderated)
fido7.su.f32-bit.prog.pascal	Fidonet SU.32-BIT.PROG.PASCAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.f3ds.max	Fidonet SU.3DS.MAX (Moderated)
fido7.su.f98lite	Fidonet SU.98LITE (Moderated)
fido7.su.farmer		Fidonet SU.FARMER (Moderated)
fido7.su.feminism	Fidonet SU.FEMINISM (Moderated)
fido7.su.fidonews	Fidonet SU.FIDONEWS -    (Moderated)
fido7.su.fidotech	Fidonet SU.FIDOTECH - fidonet technology (Moderated)
fido7.su.fileecho	Fidonet SU.FILEECHO - packages search and announcements (Moderated)
fido7.su.flame		Fidonet SU.FLAME (Moderated)
fido7.su.flirt		Fidonet SU.FLIRT (Moderated)
fido7.su.football.prognoz	Fidonet SU.FOOTBALL.PROGNOZ (Moderated)
fido7.su.formula1.around	Fidonet SU.FORMULA1.AROUND (Moderated)
fido7.su.formula1.fan	Fidonet SU.FORMULA1.FAN (Moderated)
fido7.su.formula1	Fidonet SU.FORMULA1 (Moderated)
fido7.su.formula1.info	Fidonet SU.FORMULA1.INFO [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.formula1.uue	Fidonet SU.FORMULA1.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.su.forth		Fidonet SU.FORTH - Forth language (Moderated)
fido7.su.friends	Fidonet SU.FRIENDS (Moderated)
fido7.su.frontpage	Fidonet SU.FRONTPAGE (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.arcade	Fidonet SU.GAME.ARCADE (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.auto	Fidonet SU.GAME.AUTO (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.chainik	Fidonet SU.GAME.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.su.game		Fidonet SU.GAME - video-game talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.flight	Fidonet SU.GAME.FLIGHT (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.hardw	Fidonet SU.GAME.HARDW (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.logic	Fidonet SU.GAME.LOGIC (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.magazines	Fidonet SU.GAME.MAGAZINES (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.modem	Fidonet SU.GAME.MODEM - videogames over modem (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.news.announce	Fidonet SU.GAME.NEWS.ANNOUNCE (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.news	Fidonet SU.GAME.NEWS - video-game talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.news.uue	Fidonet SU.GAME.NEWS.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.sol	Fidonet SU.GAME.SOL - video-game talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.strategy	Fidonet SU.GAME.STRATEGY (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.trade	Fidonet SU.GAME.TRADE - video-game talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.uue	Fidonet SU.GAME.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.video	Fidonet SU.GAME.VIDEO (Moderated)
fido7.su.game.wanted	Fidonet SU.GAME.WANTED (Moderated)
fido7.su.gaz.link	Fidonet SU.GAZ.LINK (Moderated)
fido7.su.general	Fidonet SU.GENERAL - general talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.graphics	Fidonet SU.GRAPHICS - computer graphics (Moderated)
fido7.su.hamradio	Fidonet SU.HAMRADIO - HAM radio fans talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.audio	Fidonet SU.HARDW.AUDIO (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.cdrom	Fidonet SU.HARDW.CDROM - Computer Hardware (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.chainik	Fidonet SU.HARDW.CHAINIK - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.digest	Fidonet SU.HARDW.DIGEST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.dvd	Fidonet SU.HARDW.DVD (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw		Fidonet SU.HARDW - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.grounding	Fidonet SU.HARDW.GROUNDING (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.hdd.repair	Fidonet SU.HARDW.HDD.REPAIR (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.hsmodem	Fidonet SU.HARDW.HSMODEM - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.microwave	Fidonet SU.HARDW.MICROWAVE - Hardware (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.montage.analog	Fidonet SU.HARDW.MONTAGE.ANALOG (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.mp3	Fidonet SU.HARDW.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.notebook	Fidonet SU.HARDW.NOTEBOOK [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.other	Fidonet SU.HARDW.OTHER - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pbx	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PBX (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.cpu	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.CPU (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.media	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.MEDIA - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.microwave	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.MICROWAVE (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.motherboard	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.MOTHERBOARD - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.net	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.NET (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.notebook	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.NOTEBOOK (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.peripheral	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.PERIPHERAL - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.printer	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.PRINTER (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.repair	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.REPAIR (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.sound	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.SOUND - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.video.ati	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.VIDEO.ATI (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.videoblaster	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.VIDEOBLASTER (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.video.card	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.VIDEO.CARD (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.video.f3dfx	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.VIDEO.3DFX (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.video	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.VIDEO - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.video.monitor	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.VIDEO.MONITOR (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.video.nvidia	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.VIDEO.NVIDIA (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.pc.video.riva	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PC.VIDEO.RIVA (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.phones	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PHONES - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.photo.digital	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PHOTO.DIGITAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.programmator	Fidonet SU.HARDW.PROGRAMMATOR (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.schemes.design	Fidonet SU.HARDW.SCHEMES.DESIGN (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.schemes	Fidonet SU.HARDW.SCHEMES - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.support.arvid	Fidonet SU.HARDW.SUPPORT.ARVID - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.technology	Fidonet SU.HARDW.TECHNOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.tv.video	Fidonet SU.HARDW.TV.VIDEO - Hardware (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.tv.video.profi	Fidonet SU.HARDW.TV.VIDEO.PROFI (Moderated)
fido7.su.hardw.uuencode	Fidonet SU.HARDW.UUENCODE - computer hardware talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.hatch		Fidonet SU.HATCH - fileecho announcements (Moderated)
fido7.su.history	Fidonet SU.HISTORY (Moderated)
fido7.su.history.revisions	Fidonet SU.HISTORY.REVISIONS (Moderated)
fido7.su.human.rights	Fidonet SU.HUMAN.RIGHTS (Moderated)
fido7.su.humor.digest	Fidonet SU.HUMOR.DIGEST [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.humor		Fidonet SU.HUMOR - humor (Moderated)
fido7.su.humor.poetry	Fidonet SU.HUMOR.POETRY (Moderated)
fido7.su.industrial	Fidonet SU.INDUSTRIAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.inpro		Fidonet SU.INPRO (Moderated)
fido7.su.ip.point	Fidonet SU.IP.POINT (Moderated)
fido7.su.ip.sysop.dns	Fidonet SU.IP.SYSOP.DNS (Moderated)
fido7.su.isrjews	Fidonet SU.ISRJEWS (Moderated)
fido7.su.itrack		Fidonet SU.ITRACK - Irack program (Moderated)
fido7.su.jews		Fidonet SU.JEWS (Moderated)
fido7.su.job.prog	Fidonet SU.JOB.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.su.jurnalist	Fidonet SU.JURNALIST (Moderated)
fido7.su.kalinov.most	Fidonet SU.KALINOV.MOST (Moderated)
fido7.su.kaschenko.global	Fidonet SU.KASCHENKO.GLOBAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.kaschenko.local	Fidonet SU.KASCHENKO.LOCAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.kaschenko.local.must.die	Fidonet SU.KASCHENKO.LOCAL.MUST.DIE (Moderated)
fido7.su.kbh		Fidonet SU.KBH (Moderated)
fido7.su.king		Fidonet SU.KING (Moderated)
fido7.su.kitchen	Fidonet SU.KITCHEN - cooking talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.komandor	Fidonet SU.KOMANDOR - informal pedagogics etc. (Moderated)
fido7.su.ksp		Fidonet SU.KSP - modern folk songs talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.ksp.tech	Fidonet SU.KSP.TECH (Moderated)
fido7.su.ksp.texts	Fidonet SU.KSP.TEXTS - modern folk songs texts (Moderated)
fido7.su.ksp.unpublished	Fidonet SU.KSP.UNPUBLISHED (Moderated)
fido7.su.lasthero	Fidonet SU.LASTHERO (Moderated)
fido7.su.left		Fidonet SU.LEFT - left talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.light		Fidonet SU.LIGHT (Moderated)
fido7.su.lottery	Fidonet SU.LOTTERY (Moderated)
fido7.su.magic		Fidonet SU.MAGIC - Magic (Moderated)
fido7.su.maiden		Fidonet SU.MAIDEN (Moderated)
fido7.su.mailer		Fidonet SU.MAILER - fidonet mailer programs (Moderated)
fido7.su.mailtools.uue	Fidonet SU.MAILTOOLS.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.su.mainframe	Fidonet SU.MAINFRAME - Mainframe computers (Moderated)
fido7.su.manowar	Fidonet SU.MANOWAR (Moderated)
fido7.su.medic		Fidonet SU.MEDIC - medicine (Moderated)
fido7.su.mn.culture-life	Fidonet SU.MN.CULTURE-LIFE (Moderated)
fido7.su.mn.politics	Fidonet SU.MN.POLITICS (Moderated)
fido7.su.mn.society	Fidonet SU.MN.SOCIETY (Moderated)
fido7.su.modem		Fidonet SU.MODEM.ALL (Moderated)
fido7.su.moderators	Fidonet SU.MODERATORS (Moderated)
fido7.su.moscow		Fidonet SU.MOSCOW (Moderated)
fido7.su.mta		Fidonet SU.MTA (Moderated)
fido7.su.mtask		Fidonet SU.MTASK - MS/DOS multitaskers (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.alter-newmetal	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.ALTER&NEWMETAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.alter-punk	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.ALTER&PUNK (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.art	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.ART (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.art.rock	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.ART.ROCK (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.classic	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.CLASSIC (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.creation	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.CREATION (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.doors	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.DOORS (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.drums	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.DRUMS (Moderated)
fido7.su.music		Fidonet SU.MUSIC - music (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.gothic	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.GOTHIC (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.heavy-death	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.HEAVY&DEATH (Moderated)
fido7.su.musician.group	Fidonet SU.MUSICIAN.GROUP (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.jazz	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.JAZZ (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.lyrics	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.LYRICS - music (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.metal	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.METAL - music (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.mp3	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.MP3 (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.news	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.pictures	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.PICTURES [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.pop	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.POP (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.prodigy	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.PRODIGY (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.prog	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.rap	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.RAP (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.russian	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.RUSSIAN (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.ska-swing	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.SKA&SWING (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.soundtrack	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.SOUNDTRACK (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.techno	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.TECHNO (Moderated)
fido7.su.music.theory	Fidonet SU.MUSIC.THEORY (Moderated)
fido7.sumy.files	Fidonet SUMY.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.su.naezd		Fidonet SU.NAEZD - For personal flames (Moderated)
fido7.su.net		Fidonet SU.NET - LANs (Moderated)
fido7.su.net.prog	Fidonet SU.NET.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.su.net.wanted	Fidonet SU.NET.WANTED - LANs (Moderated)
fido7.su.niennah	Fidonet SU.NIENNAH (Moderated)
fido7.su.object.pascal	Fidonet SU.OBJECT.PASCAL (Moderated)
fido7.su.oop		Fidonet SU.OOP - Object Orianted Programming (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.apps	Fidonet SU.OS2.APPS (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.beta	Fidonet SU.OS2.BETA (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.comm	Fidonet SU.OS2.COMM - OS/2 (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.drv	Fidonet SU.OS2.DRV - OS/2 (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.faq.d	Fidonet SU.OS2.FAQ.D - OS/2 (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.faq	Fidonet SU.OS2.FAQ [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2		Fidonet SU.OS2 - OS/2 (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.marginal	Fidonet SU.OS2.MARGINAL - OS/2 (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.news	Fidonet SU.OS2.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.prog	Fidonet SU.OS2.PROG - OS/2 programming (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.src	Fidonet SU.OS2.SRC - OS/2 (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.team	Fidonet SU.OS2.TEAM (Moderated)
fido7.su.os2.wanted	Fidonet SU.OS2.WANTED - OS/2 (Moderated)
fido7.su.othernet	Fidonet SU.OTHERNET (Moderated)
fido7.su.palmtop	Fidonet SU.PALMTOP (Moderated)
fido7.su.pascal.modula.ada	Fidonet SU.PASCAL.MODULA.ADA - Wirth fans (Moderated)
fido7.su.pascal.modula.ada.uue	Fidonet SU.PASCAL.MODULA.ADA.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.su.people.medic	Fidonet SU.PEOPLE.MEDIC - H  (Moderated)
fido7.su.pern		Fidonet SU.PERN (Moderated)
fido7.super.tormoz	Fidonet SUPER.TORMOZ (Moderated)
fido7.su.perumov	Fidonet SU.PERUMOV (Moderated)
fido7.su.philosophy	Fidonet SU.PHILOSOPHY (Moderated)
fido7.su.piercing	Fidonet SU.PIERCING (Moderated)
fido7.su.pilot		Fidonet SU.PILOT (Moderated)
fido7.su.pma.uue	Fidonet SU.PMA.UUE (Moderated)
fido7.su.pol		Fidonet SU.POL - politics (Moderated)
fido7.su.pol.free	Fidonet SU.POL.FREE (Moderated)
fido7.su.pol.history	Fidonet SU.POL.HISTORY (Moderated)
fido7.su.pol.news	Fidonet SU.POL.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.su.pol.sveshnikov	Fidonet SU.POL.SVESHNIKOV [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.su.pol.theory	Fidonet SU.POL.THEORY (Moderated)
fido7.su.quake.tf	Fidonet SU.QUAKE.TF (Moderated)
fido7.su.queen		Fidonet SU.QUEEN (Moderated)
fido7.su.ra		Fidonet SU.RA - Remote Access BBS program (Moderated)
fido7.su.referat	Fidonet SU.REFERAT (Moderated)
fido7.su.render		Fidonet SU.RENDER (Moderated)
fido7.su.russian	Fidonet SU.RUSSIAN (Moderated)
fido7.su.russian.rock	Fidonet SU.RUSSIAN.ROCK (Moderated)
fido7.su.rus.travels	Fidonet SU.RUS.TRAVELS (Moderated)
fido7.survival.guide	Fidonet SURVIVAL.GUIDE - Survival guide (Moderated)
fido7.su.satanism	Fidonet SU.SATANISM (Moderated)
fido7.su.science.chemistry	Fidonet SU.SCIENCE.CHEMISTRY (Moderated)
fido7.su.science	Fidonet SU.SCIENCE - moderator Igor.Ananchenko@f220.n5030.z2.fidonet.org or aiv@tu.spb.ru or rd@spb.rtsnet.ru (Moderated)
fido7.su.scientologie	Fidonet SU.SCIENTOLOGIE (Moderated)
fido7.su.sff.fandom	Fidonet SU.SFF.FANDOM (Moderated)
fido7.su.sf-f.fandom	Fidonet SU.SF&F.FANDOM - Science fiction (Moderated)
fido7.su.simoron	Fidonet SU.SIMORON (Moderated)
fido7.su.slang		Fidonet SU.SLANG (Moderated)
fido7.su.smith		Fidonet SU.SMITH (Moderated)
fido7.su.softw		Fidonet SU.SOFTW - software (Moderated)
fido7.su.soul		Fidonet SU.SOUL - soul (Moderated)
fido7.su.spy		Fidonet SU.SPY (Moderated)
fido7.su.student	Fidonet SU.STUDENT - students talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.suvorov	Fidonet SU.SUVOROV (Moderated)
fido7.su.sysadmin.recovery	Fidonet SU.SYSADMIN.RECOVERY (Moderated)
fido7.su.talks		Fidonet SU.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.su.tennis		Fidonet SU.TENNIS (Moderated)
fido7.su.toast		Fidonet SU.TOAST (Moderated)
fido7.su.tolkien	Fidonet SU.TOLKIEN - J.R.R.Tolkien fans talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.tolkien.language	Fidonet SU.TOLKIEN.LANGUAGE (Moderated)
fido7.su.tolkien.texts	Fidonet SU.TOLKIEN.TEXTS - J.R.R.Tolkien fans talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.tolkien.uuencode	Fidonet SU.TOLKIEN.UUENCODE - J.R.R.Tolkien fans talks (Moderated)
fido7.su.tormoz		Fidonet SU.TORMOZ - Slow-thinking people (Moderated)
fido7.su.tost		Fidonet SU.TOST (Moderated)
fido7.su.travel		Fidonet SU.TRAVEL - travelling (Moderated)
fido7.su.tv-fm.tuners	Fidonet SU.TV-FM.TUNERS (Moderated)
fido7.su.uniposter	Fidonet SU.UNIPOSTER (Moderated)
fido7.su.virus		Fidonet SU.VIRUS - software viruses (Moderated)
fido7.su.volleyball	Fidonet SU.VOLLEYBALL (Moderated)
fido7.su.w-d		Fidonet SU.W&D (Moderated)
fido7.su.white.gooses	Fidonet SU.WHITE.GOOSES (Moderated)
fido7.su.win32.prog	Fidonet SU.WIN32.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95.chainik	Fidonet SU.WIN95.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95.comm	Fidonet SU.WIN95.COMM (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95.exchange	Fidonet SU.WIN95.EXCHANGE (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95.faq	Fidonet SU.WIN95.FAQ (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95		Fidonet SU.WIN95 (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95.games	Fidonet SU.WIN95.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95.netw	Fidonet SU.WIN95.NETW (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95.prog	Fidonet SU.WIN95.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.su.win95.softw	Fidonet SU.WIN95.SOFTW (Moderated)
fido7.su.windows	Fidonet SU.WINDOWS - MS Windows (Moderated)
fido7.su.windows.nt	Fidonet SU.WINDOWS.NT - Windows/NT (Moderated)
fido7.su.windows.nt.prog	Fidonet SU.WINDOWS.NT.PROG - Windows NT (Moderated)
fido7.su.windows.prog	Fidonet SU.WINDOWS.PROG - MS Windows (Moderated)
fido7.su.windows.wanted	Fidonet SU.WINDOWS.WANTED - MS Windows (Moderated)
fido7.su.wrestling	Fidonet SU.WRESTLING (Moderated)
fido7.su.yoga		Fidonet SU.YOGA (Moderated)
fido7.symbolic.proc	Fidonet SYMBOLIC.PROC (Moderated)
fido7.tabepha		Fidonet TABEPHA (Moderated)
fido7.talks.asm		Fidonet TALKS.ASM - i80x86 Assembler (Moderated)
fido7.tam.hac.het	Fidonet TAM.HAC.HET (Moderated)
fido7.teach.pro		Fidonet TEACH.PRO (Moderated)
fido7.telebook.support	Fidonet TELEBOOK.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.testing		Fidonet TESTING - for testing echomail setup (Moderated)
fido7.tetragraph.public	Fidonet TETRAGRAPH.PUBLIC (Moderated)
fido7.tiger-s.claw.echo	Fidonet TIGER'S.CLAW.ECHO (Moderated)
fido7.tiger-s.claw.robots	Fidonet TIGER'S.CLAW.ROBOTS (Moderated)
fido7.t-mail.chainik	Fidonet T-MAIL.CHAINIK - T-Mail fidonet mailer (Moderated)
fido7.t-mail.nt.rus	Fidonet T-MAIL.NT.RUS (Moderated)
fido7.t-mail.ru		Fidonet T-MAIL.RU - T-Mail fidonet mailer [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.t-mail.support	Fidonet T-MAIL.SUPPORT - T-Mail fidonet mailer [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.t-mail.util	Fidonet T-MAIL.UTIL - T-Mail fidonet mailer [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.tmn.games		Fidonet TMN.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.tmn.general	Fidonet TMN.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.t-next.ru		Fidonet T-NEXT.RU - cy p T-Next by Andy Elkin (Moderated)
fido7.tornado.support	Fidonet TORNADO.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.tower.pvt		Fidonet TOWER.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.trans.info	Fidonet TRANS.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.troitsk.talk	Fidonet TROITSK.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.trueblue.news	Fidonet TRUEBLUE.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.t-series.ru	Fidonet T-SERIES.RU - other programs coming with t-mail [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.tver.hardw	Fidonet TVER.HARDW (Moderated)
fido7.tver.talk		Fidonet TVER.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.ua.abiturient	Fidonet UA.ABITURIENT (Moderated)
fido7.ua.agny		Fidonet UA.AGNY (Moderated)
fido7.ua.autostop	Fidonet UA.AUTOSTOP (Moderated)
fido7.ua.banktech	Fidonet UA.BANKTECH (Moderated)
fido7.ua.business	Fidonet UA.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.ua.contract.bridge	Fidonet UA.CONTRACT.BRIDGE (Moderated)
fido7.ua.fidotech	Fidonet UA.FIDOTECH (Moderated)
fido7.ua.football	Fidonet UA.FOOTBALL (Moderated)
fido7.ua.graphics	Fidonet UA.GRAPHICS (Moderated)
fido7.ua.mountains	Fidonet UA.MOUNTAINS (Moderated)
fido7.ua.os2.crack	Fidonet UA.OS2.CRACK (Moderated)
fido7.ua.os2		Fidonet UA.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.ua.os2.prog	Fidonet UA.OS2.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.ua.os2.soft.wanted	Fidonet UA.OS2.SOFT.WANTED (Moderated)
fido7.ua.podervyanskiy	Fidonet UA.PODERVYANSKIY (Moderated)
fido7.ua.pol		Fidonet UA.POL (Moderated)
fido7.ua.prlist		Fidonet UA.PRLIST (Moderated)
fido7.ua.sf-f.pro	Fidonet UA.SF&F.PRO (Moderated)
fido7.ua.ufology	Fidonet UA.UFOLOGY (Moderated)
fido7.ua.unix		Fidonet UA.UNIX (Moderated)
fido7.ublist		Fidonet UBLIST - UBLIST (BBS list) announcements (Moderated)
fido7.ublist.updates	Fidonet UBLIST.UPDATES - UBLIST (BBS list) updates (Moderated)
fido7.uhc.talks		Fidonet UHC.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.ultic.support	Fidonet ULTIC.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ural.business	Fidonet URAL.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.ural.files	Fidonet URAL.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.ural.files.report	Fidonet URAL.FILES.REPORT (Moderated)
fido7.ural.music	Fidonet URAL.MUSIC (Moderated)
fido7.ural.os2		Fidonet URAL.OS2 (Moderated)
fido7.ural.q-a		Fidonet URAL.Q&A (Moderated)
fido7.ural.tourism	Fidonet URAL.TOURISM (Moderated)
fido7.us-russ-talk	Fidonet US_RUSS_TALK - Russia-US talks (Moderated)
fido7.uuug.general	Fidonet UUUG.GENERAL - general talks (Ukrainian U.G.) (Moderated)
fido7.uz.business	Fidonet UZ.BUSINESS (Moderated)
fido7.uz.fileecho	Fidonet UZ.FILEECHO (Moderated)
fido7.uz.games		Fidonet UZ.GAMES (Moderated)
fido7.uz.general	Fidonet UZ.GENERAL (Moderated)
fido7.uzhgorod.talks	Fidonet UZHGOROD.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.uz.internet	Fidonet UZ.INTERNET (Moderated)
fido7.uz.mitya		Fidonet UZ.MITYA (Moderated)
fido7.uz.philosophy	Fidonet UZ.PHILOSOPHY (Moderated)
fido7.uz.relax		Fidonet UZ.RELAX (Moderated)
fido7.uz.talk		Fidonet UZ.TALK (Moderated)
fido7.uz.teic		Fidonet UZ.TEIC (Moderated)
fido7.uz.unix		Fidonet UZ.UNIX (Moderated)
fido7.uz.video		Fidonet UZ.VIDEO (Moderated)
fido7.uz.virus		Fidonet UZ.VIRUS (Moderated)
fido7.vc.news		Fidonet VC.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.vga.planets	Fidonet VGA.PLANETS - vga-planets game (Moderated)
fido7.vietnam.oriento	Fidonet VIETNAM.ORIENTO (Moderated)
fido7.vladimir.cellular	Fidonet VLADIMIR.CELLULAR (Moderated)
fido7.vyborg.talks	Fidonet VYBORG.TALKS (Moderated)
fido7.watcom.c32.pf	Fidonet WATCOM.C32.PF - watcom C (Moderated)
fido7.watcom.c		Fidonet WATCOM.C - watcom C (Moderated)
fido7.watcom.c.pf	Fidonet WATCOM.C.PF - watcom C (Moderated)
fido7.watcom.dos4gwpro	Fidonet WATCOM.DOS4GWPRO - watcom C (Moderated)
fido7.wb.q-a		Fidonet WB.Q&A (Moderated)
fido7.west.region	Fidonet WEST.REGION (Moderated)
fido7.whisky.bar	Fidonet WHISKY.BAR (Moderated)
fido7.white.bear.club	Fidonet WHITE.BEAR.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.windows.prog	Fidonet WINDOWS.PROG (Moderated)
fido7.wish.you.were.here	Fidonet WISH.YOU.WERE.HERE (Moderated)
fido7.worldcup.f94	Fidonet WORLDCUP.94 - Football World Cup (Moderated)
fido7.ws.chat		Fidonet WS.CHAT (Moderated)
fido7.ws.extract	Fidonet WS.EXTRACT (Moderated)
fido7.ws.humor		Fidonet WS.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.ws.technics	Fidonet WS.TECHNICS (Moderated)
fido7.www.station.ru	Fidonet WWW.STATION.RU (Moderated)
fido7.xap6kob		Fidonet XAP6KOB (Moderated)
fido7.xap6kob.topmo3	Fidonet XAP6KOB.TOPMO3 (Moderated)
fido7.xgamwarez.info	Fidonet XGAMWAREZ.INFO (Moderated)
fido7.xpehobo.mhe	Fidonet XPEHOBO.MHE (Moderated)
fido7.xpress.pvt	Fidonet XPRESS.PVT (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.airsoft	Fidonet XSU.AIRSOFT (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.beeline	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.BEELINE (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.chainik	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.CHAINIK (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.megafon	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.MEGAFON (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.mss	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.MSS (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.mts	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.MTS (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.phones	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.PHONES (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.sonet	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.SONET (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.sonic-duo.sonera	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.SONIC-DUO.SONERA (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cellular.tarifs	Fidonet XSU.CELLULAR.TARIFS (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.cyberpunk	Fidonet XSU.CYBERPUNK (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.hacker	Fidonet XSU.HACKER (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.pma.faq	Fidonet XSU.PMA.FAQ (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.pma		Fidonet XSU.PMA (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.tm		Fidonet XSU.TM (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.useful.faq	Fidonet XSU.USEFUL.FAQ (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.useless.faq	Fidonet XSU.USELESS.FAQ (Moderated)
fido7.xsu.ventafax.support	Fidonet XSU.VENTAFAX.SUPPORT (Moderated)
fido7.y.kpatkoe		Fidonet Y.KPATKOE (Moderated)
fido7.z7.news		Fidonet Z7.NEWS (Moderated)
fido7.z7.test		Fidonet Z7.TEST (Moderated)
fido7.z7.z2.zone7	Fidonet Z7.Z2.ZONE7 (Moderated)
fido7.zc.allfix		Fidonet ZC.ALLFIX (Moderated)
fido7.zc.commerce	Fidonet ZC.COMMERCE [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.zc.files		Fidonet ZC.FILES (Moderated)
fido7.zc.fun		Fidonet ZC.FUN (Moderated)
fido7.zc.gamez		Fidonet ZC.GAMEZ (Moderated)
fido7.zc.gamez.planets	Fidonet ZC.GAMEZ.PLANETS (Moderated)
fido7.zc.music		Fidonet ZC.MUSIC [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.zc.talks		Fidonet ZC.TALKS [Read Only] (Moderated)
fido7.zms.humor		Fidonet ZMS.HUMOR (Moderated)
fido7.zone7		Fidonet ZONE7 - Fidonet (future) Zone 7 (Moderated)
fido7.zxc.club		Fidonet ZXC.CLUB (Moderated)
fido7.zx.spectrum	Fidonet ZX.SPECTRUM - ZX Spectrum computers (Moderated)
fr.bienvenue		Aider les nouveaux venus dans leurs premiers pas sur Usenet.
fr.bio.medecine		Discussions sur la mdecine.
fr.bio.medecine.veterinaire	Discussions sur la mdecine vtrinaire.
fr.bio.pharmacie	Discussions sur la pharmacie.
fr.comp.algorithmes	Recherches, discussions et descriptions d'algorithmes.
fr.comp.applications.bureautique	Les logiciels de bureautique.
fr.comp.applications.editeurs-de-texte	Les diteurs de texte.
fr.comp.applications.emacs	diteur de textes Emacs et ses extensions.
fr.comp.applications.genealogie	Tout sur les logiciels de gnalogie.
fr.comp.applications.libres	Les solutions libres en informatique.
fr.comp.applications.sgbd	Discussions sur les bases de donnes.
fr.comp.applications.x11	Systme de multifentrage X11.
fr.comp.developpement.agl.windev	L'AGL (Atelier de Gnie Logiciel) WinDev.
fr.comp.developpement	Mthodologies, mthodes et outils.
fr.comp.divers		Discussions diverses sur l'informatique.
fr.comp.emulateurs	Discussions sur les mulateurs.
fr.comp.graphisme.multimedia	Conception graphique de sites Web, de cdroms.
fr.comp.graphisme.pao	Techniques de publication assiste par ordinateur.
fr.comp.ia		L'Intelligence Artificielle.
fr.comp.infosystemes	Tous les systmes d'information rseau.
fr.comp.infosystemes.www.auteurs	DTD HTML, scripts CGI et API WWW.
fr.comp.infosystemes.www.divers	Discussions diverses sur le WWW.
fr.comp.infosystemes.www.navigateurs	Logiciels de navigation sur le WWW.
fr.comp.infosystemes.www.serveurs	Administration de serveurs WWW.
fr.comp.integration	Intgration de systmes informatiques htrognes.
fr.comp.internet.medias-sociaux	Le web participatif et les mdias sociaux.
fr.comp.internet.medias-sociaux.twitter	Twitter et autres plateformes de  micro-blogging .
fr.comp.lang.ada	Langage de programmation Ada.
fr.comp.lang.basic	Langages de programmation Basic et assimils.
fr.comp.lang.caml	Caml et autres langages de programmation ML.
fr.comp.lang.c++	Langage de programmation C++.
fr.comp.lang.c		Langages de programmation C et assimils.
fr.comp.lang.general	Gnralits et questions diverses sur la programmation.
fr.comp.lang.java	Langage de dveloppement Java.
fr.comp.lang.javascript	ECMAScript et drivs (JScript, ActionScript, etc.).
fr.comp.lang.lisp	Langages de programmation LISP.
fr.comp.lang.pascal	Langages de programmation Pascal et assimils.
fr.comp.lang.perl	Langage de programmation Perl.
fr.comp.lang.php	Langage de programmation PHP Hypertext Preprocessor.
fr.comp.lang.postscript	Discussions sur le langage PostScript.
fr.comp.lang.python	Langage de programmation Python.
fr.comp.lang.regexp	Les expressions rationnelles et leur utilisation.
fr.comp.lang.ruby	Langage de programmation Ruby.
fr.comp.lang.tcl	Langage de programmation Tcl.
fr.comp.mail		Logiciels de messagerie lectronique.
fr.comp.mail.serveurs	Logiciels serveurs de messagerie lectronique.
fr.comp.materiel.optimisation	Techniques d'optimisation et d'overclocking.
fr.comp.musique		Le traitement informatique de la musique.
fr.comp.normes.unicode	La norme Unicode.
fr.comp.objet		Technologie objet en informatique.
fr.comp.ordinosaures	Ordinateurs et consoles de jeux anciens.
fr.comp.os.android	Discussions  propos d'Android, le systme pour terminaux mobiles.
fr.comp.os.bsd		Systmes BSD et drivs (NetBSD, FreeBSD...).
fr.comp.os.linux.configuration	Prise en main d'un systme Linux.
fr.comp.os.linux.debats	Promouvoir, critiquer et troller sur Linux.
fr.comp.os.mac-os.classiques	Les systmes pour Macintosh jusqu' Mac OS 9.x.
fr.comp.os.mac-os.serveurs	Les systmes et applications serveurs sur Mac.
fr.comp.os.mac-os.x	Mac OS X, Darwin et leurs volutions.
fr.comp.os.msdos	Systme MS-DOS.
fr.comp.os.ms-windows	Les Systmes d'Exploitation (SE) MS-Windows.
fr.comp.os.ms-windows.programmation	Programmation sous MS-Windows.
fr.comp.os.ms-windows.serveurs	Administration sous les SE serveurs MS.
fr.comp.os.os2		Systme OS/2 d'IBM.
fr.comp.os.unix		Systme Unix.
fr.comp.os.vms		Systme VMS de Digital.
fr.comp.peripheriques.modems	Discussions techniques sur les modems.
fr.comp.reseaux.ethernet	Les rseaux Ethernet et matriels associs.
fr.comp.reseaux.ip	IP : discussions techniques, protocoles connexes.
fr.comp.reseaux.irc	Groupe de discussion sur Internet Relay Chat.
fr.comp.reseaux.sans-fils	Rseaux informatiques sans fils.
fr.comp.reseaux.supervision	Les logiciels de supervision de rseau.
fr.comp.securite	La scurit informatique.
fr.comp.securite.virus	Les virus informatiques.
fr.comp.stockage	Les matriels et logiciels de stockage de donnes.
fr.comp.sys.amiga	Machines de la gamme Amiga.
fr.comp.sys.atari	Machines de la gamme Atari.
fr.comp.sys.calculatrices	Pour tout ce qui touche aux calculatrices.
fr.comp.sys.iphone	iPhone, le systme, ses applications et dclinaisons.
fr.comp.sys.mac.annonces	Annonces matriel Mac et systme Mac OS. (Moderated)
fr.comp.sys.mac		Apple Macintosh.
fr.comp.sys.mac.communication	Rseaux et communications sous Mac OS.
fr.comp.sys.mac.materiel	Discussions sur le matriel Macintosh.
fr.comp.sys.mac.programmation	Programmation sur Mac OS.
fr.comp.sys.next	Machines NeXT.
fr.comp.sys.palm-pilot	Tout ce qui concerne ces assistants numriques.
fr.comp.sys.pc		Micro-ordinateurs PC et compatibles.
fr.comp.sys.psion	Discussions sur les assistants numriques Psion.
fr.comp.sys.sun		Machines Sun et systmes associs.
fr.comp.sys.tablettes	Tablettes et terminaux tactiles.
fr.comp.text.tex	Discussions concernant TeX et LaTeX.
fr.comp.text.xml	Le langage de description XML.
fr.comp.usenet.lecteurs-de-news	Logiciels de lecture des forums Usenet.
fr.comp.usenet.serveurs	Discussions sur les serveurs de news Usenet.
fr.comp.virtualisation	Discussions  propos des techniques de systmes virtuels.
fr.education.divers	Ce qui concerne l'ducation.
fr.education.entraide	Entraide pour les devoirs scolaires.
fr.education.entraide.maths	Entraide pour les devoirs de maths.
fr.education.entraide.physique-chimie	Entraide aux devoirs de physique-chimie.
fr.education.francais.langue-etrangere	Franais enseign aux non-francophones.
fr.education.superieur	Discussions sur l'enseignement suprieur.
free.de.comm.geraete.mobil.pager	Pagingsysteme wie Syper, Scall, Telmi usw.
free.fan.taylor-momsen	anything realted to Taylor Momsen
free.obamavoters.onwelfare	Just what it says!
free.us.citizens	Discuss US citizen freedom
fr.emplois.d		Discussions relatives  l'emploi et aux emplois.
fr.emplois.demandes	Demandes d'emplois ou de stages. (Moderated)
fr.emplois.offres	Offres d'emplois ou de stages. (Moderated)
fr.lettres.ecriture	Tous les aspects lis  l'criture.
fr.lettres.langue.allemande	Discussions sur la langue allemande.
fr.lettres.langue.anglaise	Discussions sur la langue anglaise.
fr.lettres.langue.arabe	Discussions sur la langue arabe.
fr.lettres.langue.chinoise	Discussions sur la langue chinoise.
fr.lettres.langue.espagnole	Discussions sur la langue espagnole.
fr.lettres.langue.francaise	Discussions sur la langue franaise.
fr.lettres.langue.italienne	Discussions sur la langue italienne.
fr.lettres.langue.japonaise	Discussions sur la langue japonaise.
fr.lettres.langues-anciennes.grec	Culture et langue grecques.
fr.lettres.langues-anciennes.latin	Culture et langue latines.
fr.lettres.langues-slaves	Discussions sur les langues slaves.
fr.misc.actualite	Les vnements d'actualit.
fr.misc.assurances	Discussions  propos des assurances.
fr.misc.automoto.mecanique	Pratique de la mcanique automobile et moto.
fr.misc.bavardages.dinosaures	Bistro des anciens du Rseau. (Moderated)
fr.misc.bavardages.linux	Bavardages, discussions non techniques sur Linux.
fr.misc.cryptologie	Discussions sur le chiffrement ; histoire, usages, techniques et rglementations.
fr.misc.depannage	Dpannage lectronique, audio-vido, lectro-mnager.
fr.misc.dependances	Toutes les formes de dpendances.
fr.misc.divers		Ce qui n'a de place nulle part ailleurs dans fr.
fr.misc.droit		Discussions juridiques.
fr.misc.droit.famille	Le droit de la famille.
fr.misc.droit.immobilier	Le droit immobilier : achat, vente, location...
fr.misc.droit.internet	Problmes juridiques en rapport avec Internet.
fr.misc.droit.travail	Le droit du travail.
fr.misc.enfants.bebes	Tout ce qui concerne les bbs.
fr.misc.enfants		Tout ce qui concerne les enfants.
fr.misc.engueulades	Engueulades hors-charte sur les forums initiaux.
fr.misc.finance.banque	Les banques et les services bancaires.
fr.misc.finance		Groupe de discussion ddi  la finance.
fr.misc.finance.immobilier	conomie des biens immobiliers.
fr.misc.gestion		Gestion des entreprises et des associations.
fr.misc.handicap	Handicaps et handicaps. (Moderated)
fr.misc.medias.presse-ecrite	Discussions sur la presse crite.
fr.misc.militaire	La chose militaire : techniques, matriel...
fr.misc.securite.routiere	Discussions sur la scurit routire.
fr.misc.tabac		Le tabac sous tous ses aspects.
fr.misc.transport.rail	Informations sur les transports ferroviaires.
fr.misc.transport.urbain	Informations en franais sur les transports urbains.
fr.misc.transport.velo	Le vlo comme mode de transport.
fr.petites-annonces.audio-video	Petites annonces de produits audio et vido.
fr.petites-annonces.divers	Annonces diverses et varies entre particuliers.
fr.petites-annonces.immobilier	Annonces immobilires entre particuliers.
fr.petites-annonces.informatique.logiciel	Annonces de vente/achat de logiciel informatique.
fr.petites-annonces.informatique.materiel	Annonces de vente/achat de matriel informatique.
fr.petites-annonces.musique	Toutes les petites annonces consacres  la musique.
fr.petites-annonces.photo	Matriel photo, labo, accessoires, documents.
fr.petites-annonces.telephones.mobiles	Tlphones mobiles et accessoires.
fr.petites-annonces.vehicules	Vhicules entre particuliers.
fr.rec.animaux		Discussions sur les animaux classiques ou exotiques...
fr.rec.anime		Discussions sur les DA/BD japonais.
fr.rec.apiculture	Forum sur l'apiculture.
fr.rec.aquariophilie	Groupe de discussion relatif  l'aquariophilie.
fr.rec.aquariophilie.marine	Aquariophilie marine et rcifale.
fr.rec.arts.bd		Groupe de discussion sur la bande dessine.
fr.rec.arts.fantasy	uvres et auteurs de fantasy.
fr.rec.arts.litterature	Discussions sur la littrature.
fr.rec.arts.musique.autre	Toute musique sans groupe ddi.
fr.rec.arts.musique.classique	Tout sur la musique classique.
fr.rec.arts.musique.electronique	Musiques lectroniques.
fr.rec.arts.musique.jazz	Tout sur le jazz.
fr.rec.arts.musique.metal	Tout sur le mtal et le hard rock.
fr.rec.arts.musique.pratique	La pratique instrumentale et vocale.
fr.rec.arts.musique.rock	Tout sur le rock.
fr.rec.arts.musique.variete	La musique de varit.
fr.rec.arts.plastiques	Discussions sur les arts plastiques.
fr.rec.arts.polar	Le monde du polar.
fr.rec.arts.sf		Discussions sur les uvres de science-fiction.
fr.rec.arts.sf.starwars	L'univers de  Star Wars  ou  La Guerre des toiles .
fr.rec.arts.spectacles	Thtre, mime, cirque, tous spectacles vivants.
fr.rec.arts.theatre	Tout sur le thtre.
fr.rec.audio		Techniques de sonorisation et d'enregistrement.
fr.rec.automobile.4x4	Les vhicules 44 et la pratique du tout-terrain.
fr.rec.automobile.ancienne	Les vhicules anciens.
fr.rec.aviation		Discussions sur l'aviation, le pilotage.
fr.rec.bateaux		Forum sur tous les bateaux.
fr.rec.beaute-mode	changes et dbats sur la mode et la beaut physique.
fr.rec.bibliophilie	Discussions sur les livres anciens, les livres d'art.
fr.rec.boissons.bieres	Discussions sur les bires.
fr.rec.boissons.vins	Commentaires et discussions sur le vin.
fr.rec.bricolage	Conseils et savoir-faire concernant le bricolage.
fr.rec.brocante		Discussions sur le monde de la brocante.
fr.rec.champignons	Mycologie, mycophilie et mycophagie...
fr.rec.cinema.discussion	Discussions concernant le cinma.
fr.rec.collections	Discussions sur les collections en tous genres.
fr.rec.cuisine.bonnes-adresses	changes de bonnes adresses gourmandes.
fr.rec.cuisine		Tous les plaisirs du palais.
fr.rec.genealogie	Informations se rapportant  la gnalogie.
fr.rec.humour		L'humour en soi.
fr.rec.jardinage.bonsai	L'art du bonsa.
fr.rec.jardinage	Groupe de discussion sur le jardinage.
fr.rec.jeux.cartes.poker	Le poker et ses variantes.
fr.rec.jeux.divers	Discussions diverses sur les jeux.
fr.rec.jeux.echecs	Discussions sur les jeux d'checs.
fr.rec.jeux.enigmes	nigmes en tous genres (charades, devinettes, etc.).
fr.rec.jeux.jdr		Jeux de rles.
fr.rec.jeux.jdr.par-forum	Forum destin aux jeux de rles via Usenet.
fr.rec.jeux.nomic	Jeu de Nomic par forum.
fr.rec.jeux.societe	Jeux de plateau ou jeux de socit.
fr.rec.jeux.video	Les jeux vido sous tous leurs aspects.
fr.rec.jeux.video.materiel	Conseils, discussions et problmes de matriel.
fr.rec.jeux.wargames	Jeux stratgiques ou tactiques simulant des batailles.
fr.rec.loisirs-creatifs	Scrapbooking, pochoirs, origami, broderie, tricot...
fr.rec.modelisme	Tout ce qui concerne le modlisme.
fr.rec.montagne		Forum de discussion sur la montagne.
fr.rec.moto		Pour les amateurs de moto.
fr.rec.oracle		Le Grand Oracle francophone. (Moderated)
fr.rec.peche		Discussions et informations sur la pche  la ligne.
fr.rec.philatelie	Discussions sur les timbres et l'histoire postale.
fr.rec.photo		Discussions sur la photographie.
fr.rec.photo.materiel	Le matriel photo.
fr.rec.photo.pratique	Pratique de la photographie.
fr.rec.plongee		Plonge sous-marine.
fr.rec.radio		Discussions sur la radio (tous domaines confondus).
fr.rec.son-image.hifi	Tout sur la Hi-Fi.
fr.rec.son-image.home-cinema	Le home-cinma.
fr.rec.son-image.video.materiel	Matriel : prise de vue et montage vido.
fr.rec.son-image.video.realisation	Techniques de ralisation vido.
fr.rec.sport.archerie	Tout ce qui touche aux arbaltes, aux arcs.
fr.rec.sport.arts-martiaux	Discussions sur le thme des arts martiaux.
fr.rec.sport.automobile	Tout sur le sport automobile.
fr.rec.sport.basketball	Discussions consacres au basket.
fr.rec.sport.courir	La course  pied sous toutes ses formes.
fr.rec.sport.cyclisme	Discussions en franais sur le cyclisme.
fr.rec.sport.divers	Tous les sports qui n'ont pas de groupe spcifique.
fr.rec.sport.equitation	Tout ce qui tourne autour de l'quitation.
fr.rec.sport.football	Tout ce qui a rapport avec le football.
fr.rec.sport.golf	Discussions consacres au golf.
fr.rec.sport.neige-glace	Les sports de neige et de glace.
fr.rec.sport.roller	Roller, quad et in-line.
fr.rec.sport.rugby	Forum du rugby  15, 13, 10 et  7.
fr.rec.sport.tennis	Tout ce qui touche au tennis.
fr.rec.sport.voile.planche	Discussions sur la planche  voile.
fr.rec.sport.vtt	Vlos tout terrain.
fr.rec.tv.programmes	Discussions relatives aux programmes tlvisuels.
fr.rec.tv.satellite	Rception satellite de chanes de tlvision.
fr.rec.tv.series	Discussions sur les sries tlvises.
fr.rec.tv.series.sf	Forum sur l'univers des sries de science-fiction.
fr.rec.tv.terrestre	Tlvision terrestre.
fr.rec.voyages		Discussions sur les voyages, le tourisme.
fr.reseaux.internet.cable	changes sur l'accs  Internet par le cble.
fr.reseaux.internet.fournisseurs	Les fournisseurs d'accs  Internet.
fr.reseaux.internet.hebergement	Discussions sur l'hbergement sur Internet.
fr.reseaux.telecoms.adsl	ADSL (Asymetric Digital Subscriber Line).
fr.reseaux.telecoms.fibre-optique	Discussions  propos de la technologie  fibre optique .
fr.reseaux.telecoms.mobiles	Les tlphones mobiles et messagers de poche.
fr.reseaux.telecoms.operateurs.fixes	Les services des oprateurs fixes.
fr.reseaux.telecoms.operateurs.mobiles	Les services des oprateurs mobiles.
fr.reseaux.telecoms.pabx	Les centraux tlphoniques privs.
fr.reseaux.telecoms.rnis	Toute discussion autour du RNIS (ISDN/xDSL...).
fr.reseaux.telecoms.techniques	Techniques de tlcommunications.
fr.sci.astronautique	Activit spatiale humaine.
fr.sci.astronomie.amateur	Tout sur la pratique de l'astronomie amateur.
fr.sci.astronomie	Discussions sur l'astronomie.
fr.sci.astrophysique	Discussions, dbats autour de l'astrophysique.
fr.sci.automatique	Automatique et commande optimale.
fr.sci.biologie.botanique	Les plantes : tudes, classification...
fr.sci.biologie		tude scientifique du vivant.
fr.sci.chimie		La chimie.
fr.sci.divers		Discussions diverses ou gnrales en sciences.
fr.sci.electronique	Conception, ralisation ou rparation de circuits.
fr.sci.electrotechnique	Disciplines relatives  l'lectrotechnique.
fr.sci.geosciences	Discussions relatives aux sciences de la Terre.
fr.sci.jargon		quivalents franais de termes techniques trangers.
fr.sci.linguistique	L'tude scientifique du langage humain.
fr.sci.maths		Discussions sur les mathmatiques.
fr.sci.paleontologie	Science des formes de vie des temps gologiques.
fr.sci.philo		Groupe de philosophie.
fr.sci.physique		Les sciences physiques.
fr.sci.psychanalyse	Discussions sur la psychanalyse.
fr.sci.psychologie	tude du psychisme humain.
fr.sci.sociologie	Science des faits sociaux tudis dans leur ensemble.
fr.sci.techniques.energies	Exploitation des nergies.
fr.sci.techniques.geolocalisation.gps	Positionnement et navigation GPS.
fr.sci.zetetique	Analyse critique de l'extraordinaire.
fr.soc.alcoolisme	L'alcool au quotidien, l'alcoolisme et ses consquences.
fr.soc.alternatives	Alternatives dmocratiques en conomie et en politique.
fr.soc.complots		Les conspirations fourbes contre le public.
fr.soc.culture.chine	Discussions sur la culture chinoise.
fr.soc.culture.japon	Discussions sur la culture japonaise.
fr.soc.divers		Discussions diverses sur des sujets sociaux.
fr.soc.drogues		Tenants et aboutissants sociaux des drogues.
fr.soc.economie		Actualit conomique et conomie politique.
fr.soc.environnement	Discussions sur l'environnement.
fr.soc.feminisme	Le fminisme.
fr.soc.histoire.antique	Discussions sur l'Antiquit.
fr.soc.histoire		Discussions sur l'histoire.
fr.soc.histoire.medievale	Discussions sur le Moyen-ge.
fr.soc.histoire.moderne-1453-1789	Discussions sur l'histoire moderne (1453-1789).
fr.soc.homosexualite	Discussions relatives  l'homosexualit, la bisexualit. (Moderated)
fr.soc.internet		Les aspects socio-culturels d'Internet.
fr.soc.politique	Politique et matires connexes.
fr.soc.religion		Religion et spiritualit.
fr.soc.rural		Vivre en milieu rural.
fr.soc.sectes		Discussions et informations sur les sectes et leurs pratiques.
fr.soc.travail		Aspects sociaux du monde du travail.
fr.soc.travail.independant	Organisation, pratiques et vie quotidienne.
fr.test			Testez la diffusion de vos articles dans fr.
fr.usenet.8bits		Les news avec nos caractres nationaux.
fr.usenet.abus.d	Discussion des mesures contre les abus du rseau.
fr.usenet.abus.nocem	Annonces techniques pour des robots. (Moderated)
fr.usenet.abus.rapports	Rapports rguliers sur les actions anti-abus. (Moderated)
fr.usenet.distribution	Distribution des news fr.
fr.usenet.divers	Ce qui ne va pas ailleurs dans fr.usenet.
fr.usenet.documents	Documents publis sur Usenet-fr.
fr.usenet.forums.annonces	Annonces de nouveaux forums et de discussions. (Moderated)
fr.usenet.forums.evolution	Discussions sur la cration de nouveaux forums fr.
fr.usenet.stats		Statistiques concernant les news fr. (Moderated)
fr.usenet.usages	Discussions sur les bons usages sur Usenet-fr.
hr.alt.astrologija	Astrologija i sve oko toga
hr.alt.cellular.gsm.android	Android platforma, mobiteli, itd.
hr.alt.cellular.gsm.binaries	slike,fileovi,melodije za mobitele
hr.alt.cellular.gsm	GSM mobiteli
hr.alt.cellular.gsm.iphone	Hrvatska grupa o Iphone-u
hr.alt.cinizam		Cinizam skepsa sarkazam za razocarane
hr.alt.drugs		Droge
hr.alt.filozofiranje	Filozofiranje, a ne samo filozofija
hr.alt.flame.flame.flame	*sprz*sprz*sprz*
hr.alt.hackers		Hackeri u Hrvata
hr.alt.klima-uredjaji	Rasprave o klima uredjajima
hr.alt.magija		Rasprave o magiji
hr.alt.nostalgija	rasprave nostalgicara
hr.alt.odvratno		linkovi na odvratne stvari
hr.alt.paranormal	Paranormalne pojave... (u Hrvatskoj?)
hr.alt.prijatelji-zivotinja	Prava i zastita zivotinja
hr.alt.punk		Grupa o punk kulturi
hr.alt.rave		Rave i oko njega
hr.alt.romanse		Romanse
hr.alt.seks.binaries.playboy	Slike i filmovi ljepotica iz Playboya
hr.alt.seks.binaries	Slike, slicice...
hr.alt.seks.binaries.video	Pomicne slikice...
hr.alt.seks		Tsja... Samo ime kaze...
hr.alt.snovi		Tumacenje snova
hr.alt.sysadmin.recovery	O(t)pustanje sistemaca
hr.alt.tetoviranje.binaries	Slike tetovaza
hr.alt.tetoviranje	Tetovaze, piercing i sl
hr.alt.trash		Trash kultura i trash lifestyle
hr.alt.vegetarijanstvo	Vegetarijanska ishrana i oko nje
hr.alt.vojska		Vojna tematika
hr.alt.zavjere		Teorije zavjere
hr.comp.adsl		ADSL tehnologija i pristupna oprema
hr.comp.amiga		Amiga etc. u Hrvatskoj
hr.comp.argumenti	Argumentirane rasprave za i protiv
hr.comp.audio		Obrada zvuka na racunalu
hr.comp.emuliranje.binaries	Slanje fileova vezanih za emuliranje
hr.comp.emuliranje	Sve o emuliranju raznih OSa na raznim racunalima
hr.comp.hardver.moderated	Filtrirana alternativa za h.c.h (Moderated)
hr.comp.hardver		Tvrdi dijelovi vaseg kompjutera
hr.comp.igre.avanture	Racunalne avanture
hr.comp.igre.binaries	Zakrpe, kratke igre, wallpaperi, i sl.
hr.comp.igre.fps	Pucacine iz prvog lica
hr.comp.igre		Igre, igrice...
hr.comp.igre.mmorpg	Masivni multiplayer online RPG-ovi
hr.comp.igre.nogometni-menadzeri	Simulacije nogometnih menadzera
hr.comp.igre.psx	PlayStation i ostale Sonyjeve konzole
hr.comp.igre.rpg.elderscrolls	Sve o The Elder Scrolls serijalu
hr.comp.igre.rpg	Racunalne roleplaying igre
hr.comp.igre.strategije	Racunalne stateske igre (RTS, TBS)
hr.comp.irc		IRC u Hrvatskoj
hr.comp.isdn		ISDN
hr.comp.izvorni-kod.binaries	Izvorni kod
hr.comp.kabelski-internet	Diskusije vezane uz kabelski internet
hr.comp.konzole.nintendo	Rasprave o svim vrstama Nintendo konzola
hr.comp.konzole		Sve o kompjuterskim konzolama
hr.comp.konzole.xbox	Rasprave vezane uz XBox konzolu
hr.comp.literatura	Kompjuterska literatura u Hrvatskoj
hr.comp.mac.hackintosh	OS X na sluzbeno nepodrzanim racunalima
hr.comp.mac		Macintosh u Hrvatskoj...
hr.comp.mathematica	Diskusije o programu "Mathematica"
hr.comp.modemi		Modemi
hr.comp.mreze.bezicne	Bezicne mreze, antene, oprema, iskustva,testovi
hr.comp.mreze.bezicne.binaries	Binarni dodaci za bezicne mreze
hr.comp.mreze		Kompjuterske mreze u Hrvatskoj...
hr.comp.mreze.p2p	peer-to-peer softver, postavke, protokoli
hr.comp.mreze.p2p.pozivnice	Slanje pozivnica s p2p
hr.comp.mreze.satelitski-internet	Pristup internetu preko satelita
hr.comp.obrazovanje	Primjena racunala u obrazovanju
hr.comp			Opca kompjuterska tematika
hr.comp.os.linux	GNU/Linux - distribucije, programi,...
hr.comp.os.linux.ubuntu	Korisnicke rasprave vezane za Ubuntu OS
hr.comp.os.unix		UNIX i sustavi bazirani na njemu
hr.comp.os.win9x	Microsoft Windows 95/98/ME
hr.comp.os.winnt	Windows NT (2000, XP, 2003...)
hr.comp.prijenosnici	Prijenosna racunala i pratece tehnologije
hr.comp.programiranje.baze	Programiranje vezano uz baze podataka
hr.comp.programiranje.clarion	Programski jezik Clarion
hr.comp.programiranje.c++	Programski jezik C++
hr.comp.programiranje.c	Programski jezik C
hr.comp.programiranje.delphi	Programski jezik Delphi
hr.comp.programiranje.dotnet	Programiranje na/pomocu .NET frameworka
hr.comp.programiranje.java	Programski jezik Java
hr.comp.programiranje.oracle	Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, Developer Suite ...
hr.comp.programiranje	Programiranje i oko njega...
hr.comp.programiranje.vb	Visual Basic
hr.comp.programiranje.www	Programiranje za World Wide Web
hr.comp.retro		8 bitna i 16 bitna racunala
hr.comp.rucna-racunala.binaries	Razmjena datoteka za rucna racunala
hr.comp.rucna-racunala	Rucna racunala i pratece tehnologije
hr.comp.samogradnja.binaries	Samogradnja
hr.comp.sigurnost	Sigurnost i provale u kompjuterske sisteme
hr.comp.sinclair	Spectrum, ZX81, QL etc...
hr.comp.softver.cad	Rad u AutoCADu i ostalim CAD alatima
hr.comp.softver.lokalizacija	Projekti lokalizacije softvera
hr.comp.softver.mozilla	Mozilla Projekt, softver i programiranje
hr.comp.softver.open-office	OpenOffice.org projekt
hr.comp.softver.opera	"najbrzi browser na zemlji"
hr.comp.softver.photoshop	Photoshop savjeti i razmjena iskustava
hr.comp.softver		Rasprave o raznim programima
hr.comp.softver.slobodni	Slobodan softver Free Software Movement
hr.comp.tex		O TeX-u
hr.comp.video		Snimanje i obrada video zapisa
hr.comp.virtualizacija	Sve o racunalnoj virtualizaciji.
hr.comp.voip		Internet telefonija
hr.comp.www.cms		Upravitelji web sadrzaja (CMS)
hr.comp.www.css		Razmjena iskustva u primjeni css-a
hr.comp.www.dizajn	Dizajn i dizajniranje web stranica
hr.comp.www		Hrvatska grupa za diskusije o World Wide Webu
hr.comp.www.najave	Najava novosti na web stranicama
hr.comp.www.seo		Grupa o SEO optimizaciji
hr.fido.grafika		FIDO - grafika
hr.fido.pravo		HrFido - Pravo
hr.fido.umjetnost	FIDO - o umjetnosti
hr.mag.bug		Rasprave o casopisu BUG
hr.misc.binaries	Binary-i raznorazni
hr.misc.binaries.video.spotovi	Glazbeni spotovi
hr.misc.binaries.video	Video sadrzaj
hr.misc			Diskusije o svemu sto nema svoju grupu
hr.misc.financije.fondovi	Otvoreni/zatvoreni investicijski fondovi
hr.misc.financije	Pitanja novcanog poslovanja
hr.misc.grafika.binaries	Razmjena datoteka vezanih uz grafiku
hr.misc.poduzetnistvo	Poduzetnici i oni koji se tako osjecaju
hr.misc.telekomunikacije	Telekomunikacijske usluge u Hrvatskoj
hr.news.admin		Diskusije o administraciji USENETa u Hr.
hr.news.groups		Trazenje/informacije/diskusija o news grupama u Hr.
hr.news.net-abuse	Protiv SPAM-a
hr.news.novi-korisnici	Grupa za nove korisnike
hr.news.softver		Diskusije o softveru za USENET
hr.org.amis		Grupa za korisnike Amis Telekom grupe
hr.org.bnet		CATV, Xnet, Xtel
hr.org.carnet		CARNet - Hrvatska akademska i istrazivacka mreza
hr.org.efos		O ekonomskom fakultetu u Osijeku
hr.org.efzg		Ekonomski fakultet Zagreb
hr.org.etfos		Elektrotehnicki fakultet Osijek
hr.org.fer		Fakultet Elektrotehnike i Racunarstva u Zagrebu
hr.org.ffzg		Filozofski fakultet u Zagrebu
hr.org.foi		Fakultet Organizacije i Informatike
hr.org.fpz		Fakultet prometnih znanosti
hr.org.fpzg		Fakultet politickih znanosti UNI Zagreb
hr.org.fsb		Fakultet strojarstva i brodogradnje u Zagrebu
hr.org.ht		Hrvatske Telekomunikacije
hr.org.iskon		Iskon Internet d.d.
hr.org.metronet		Metronet telekomunikacije d.d.
hr.org.mup		Policija / Ministarstvo unutarnjih poslova
hr.org.optima-telekom	Optima Telekom
hr.org.pmf		PMF u Zagrebu
hr.org.ptfos		Prehrambeno tehnoloski fakultet u Osijeku
hr.org.tele2		Usluge mobilnog operatera Tele2
hr.org.vest		Veleuciliste Split
hr.org.vipnet		VIPnet d.o.o.
hr.ponuda.automobili.dijelovi	Ponuda auto dijelova
hr.ponuda.automobili	Ponuda automobila i dijelova
hr.ponuda.fotoaparati	Ponuda fotoaparata i dodatne opreme
hr.ponuda.glazbala	Ponuda i potraznja glazbala
hr.ponuda.gsm		Ponuda GSM aparata i pratece opreme
hr.ponuda.hardver.komponente	hardver koji se ugradjuje u racunalo
hr.ponuda.hardver.konfiguracije	gotove konfiguracije i kucista
hr.ponuda.hardver.ostalo	potrosni materijal i ostalo
hr.ponuda.hardver.periferije	hardver koji se prikapca na racunalo
hr.ponuda.hardver.prijenosnici	Ponuda opreme za prijenosna racunala
hr.ponuda.hardver.rucna-racunala	Oglasi s ponudom PDA i srodnih uredjaja
hr.ponuda.kamere	Prodaja kamera i video opreme
hr.ponuda.knjige	Ponuda knjiga
hr.ponuda.motocikli	Prodaja motocikala
hr.ponuda.nekretnine	Ponuda nekretnina
hr.ponuda.ostalo	Ponuda ostalog
hr.ponuda.posao		Ponuda posla
hr.ponuda.poslovna	Poslovni kontakti
hr.ponuda.softver	Ponuda softvera
hr.ponuda.strojevi	Ponuda strojeva!
hr.potraznja.automobili.dijelovi	Potraznja auto dijelova
hr.potraznja.automobili	Potraznja automobila i dijelova
hr.potraznja.fotoaparati	Potraznja fotoaparata i dodatne opreme
hr.potraznja.gsm	Potraznja mobitela i pratece opreme
hr.potraznja.hardver	Potraznja hardvera
hr.potraznja.hardver.prijenosnici	Potraznja opreme za prijenosna racunala
hr.potraznja.hardver.rucna-racunala	Potraznja PDA i srodnih uredjaja
hr.potraznja.knjige	Potraznja knjiga
hr.potraznja.nekretnine	Potraznja nekretnina
hr.potraznja.ostalo	Potraznja ostalog
hr.potraznja.posao	Trazenje posla
hr.potraznja.poslovna	Poslovni kontakti
hr.potraznja.softver	Potraznja softvera
hr.potraznja.strojevi	Potraznja strojeva!
hr.rec.automobili.audio	Auto akustika u automobilima
hr.rec.automobili	Autici, promet, ceste...
hr.rec.automobili.binaries	Vezano za aute i o autima
hr.rec.bicikli.binaries	Biciklisticka i prirodna dogadjanja
hr.rec.bicikli		Diskusije o biciklima i biciklistima...
hr.rec			Diskusije o hobijima, slobodnom vremenu i sl.
hr.rec.divx		Sve o divx-u
hr.rec.drustvene-igre	Strateske, kartaske i sve ostale igre...
hr.rec.dvd		DVD tehnologija, uredjaji i sadrzaji
hr.rec.e-knjige.binaries	Knjige u digitalnom obliku
hr.rec.fantasy		Diskusija o svemu s fantasy temom
hr.rec.filatelija	Diskusija,razmjena,prodaja post. markica
hr.rec.film.anime	O japanskom animiranom filmu.
hr.rec.film.crtani.binaries	Mjesto za slanje crtica i rasprave
hr.rec.film		Diskusije o filmovima, kinima i sl.
hr.rec.fotografija.binaries	Fotografije svih formata
hr.rec.fotografija.digitalna	Sve o digitalnoj fotografiji
hr.rec.fotografija.kompakti	Kompaktni digitalni fotoaparati
hr.rec.fotografija	Sve o fotografiranju...
hr.rec.glazba.binaries.albumi	Slanje potpunih albuma u mp3 formatu
hr.rec.glazba.binaries	MP3, OGG, MIDI, FLAC i slicne datoteke
hr.rec.glazba.binaries.narodnjaci	MP3 datoteke narodnjacke glazbe
hr.rec.glazba.dance	Sve vrste i podvrste dance glazbe
hr.rec.glazba.elektronika	Alternativna elektronska glazba
hr.rec.glazba.estrada	Estradna glazba
hr.rec.glazba.glazbala.bubnjevi	O bubnjarima i bubnjanju!
hr.rec.glazba.glazbala.gitare	Gitare, tabovi itd...
hr.rec.glazba.glazbala.ostalo	Ostala glazbala
hr.rec.glazba.glazbala.usne-harmonike	Za ljubitelje i svirace usne harmonike
hr.rec.glazba.hifi	Hi-Fi
hr.rec.glazba.klasicna	Klasicna muzika...
hr.rec.glazba.metal	Heavy i drugi Metal
hr.rec.glazba.metal.offtopic	Off-topic rasprave clanova grupe h.r.g.m
hr.rec.glazba.mp3-sviraci	Uredjaji za reprodukciju mp3 i slicnih
hr.rec.glazba		Opce rasprave o glazbi
hr.rec.glazba.rock	Rock 'n' Roll
hr.rec.glazba.snimanje	Rasprave o snimanju glazbe
hr.rec.gljive.binaries	Slike gljiva i dopisivanja na temu
hr.rec.gps		GPS uredjaji
hr.rec.humor.best-of-usenet	Duhoviti clanci sa grupa koje nisu za humor
hr.rec.humor.binaries	Razmjena saljivih filmova, slika....
hr.rec.humor.d		Rasprave o hr.rec.humor
hr.rec.humor		Duhovitosti iz Hrvatske...
hr.rec.igre.rpg		Role playing Igre (a i slicno)
hr.rec.kamioni.binaries	Slike kamiona
hr.rec.kampiranje	Rasprave i savjeti uz kampiranje, lokacija, opreme
hr.rec.kladjenje.binaries	Binaries grupa za sudionike hr.rec.kladjenje
hr.rec.kladjenje	Kladjenje u Hrvata
hr.rec.knjige		O knjizevnosti
hr.rec.knjige.tolkien	Sve o Middle Earth (i sl.)
hr.rec.kuhanje		Razgovori o pripremi hrane i srodnim temama
hr.rec.ljubimci		Kucni ljubimci
hr.rec.lokanje		Alkohol i njegov utjecaj
hr.rec.moda		Moda i sve o njoj
hr.rec.modelarstvo	Modelari svih vrsta
hr.rec.motocikli.binaries	Grupa za slike motocikala
hr.rec.motocikli	Miris benzina na dva kotaca
hr.rec.nautika.binaries	More, brodovi, putovanja - u slici i zvuku
hr.rec.nautika		Razmjena iskustava u svezi glede nautike i informiranje o istoj
hr.rec.numizmatika	Numizmatika, novosti, razmjena
hr.rec.oldtimeri.binaries	Fotografije, knjige, dokumentacija
hr.rec.oldtimeri	Rasprave o starodobnim vozilima
hr.rec.oruzje.binaries	Vatreno i hladno oruzje
hr.rec.oruzje		opcenito sve vrste oruzja
hr.rec.pcelarstvo	Pcele i pcelarenje
hr.rec.planinarenje.binaries	datoteke vezane uz planinarenje
hr.rec.planinarenje	planinarenje
hr.rec.poker		Online i live poker
hr.rec.prezivljavanje	Sve o prezivljavanju
hr.rec.priroda		Prirodoljupci u Hrvatskoj
hr.rec.putovanja	Iskustva sa putovanja po svijetu
hr.rec.radio.amateri	Radioamaterstvo
hr.rec.radio		Radio u Hrvatskoj...
hr.rec.ribolov.binaries	Ovakvo joj je bilo oko!
hr.rec.ribolov		Ribicke rasprave
hr.rec.ronjenje.binaries	Binarni dodaci uz grupu za ronjenje
hr.rec.ronjenje		Ronjenje i podvodni ribolov
hr.rec.samogradnja.binaries	nacrti, skice, fotke i sl. u samogradnji
hr.rec.samogradnja	Uradi sam, maketarstvo...
hr.rec.sf.binaries	Razmjena SF datoteka
hr.rec.sf		Diskusije o Science Fiction-u
hr.rec.sf.stargate	Serije bazirane na filmu Stargate
hr.rec.sf.startrek	To Boldly Go
hr.rec.sf.starwars	Ovo nisu droidi koje trazite
hr.rec.sport.airsoft	Sve vezano uz airsoft
hr.rec.sport.badminton	O badmintonu
hr.rec.sport.bodybuilding.binaries	Isjecci bb natjecanja, osobne slike...
hr.rec.sport.bodybuilding	Bodybuilding, ishrana, treninzi
hr.rec.sport.borilacke-vjestine.binaries	Glomazne zanimljivosti na temu
hr.rec.sport.borilacke-vjestine	Borilacke vjestine u Hrvatskoj
hr.rec.sport		Diskusije u sportovima...
hr.rec.sport.formula1.binaries	Multimedijalni zapisi o Formuli 1
hr.rec.sport.formula1	Trke formule 1
hr.rec.sport.kosarka	Kosarka - lige, klubovi, reprezentacije
hr.rec.sport.nogomet	Najvaznija sporedna stvar na svijetu
hr.rec.sport.padobranstvo	Padobranstvo - sport za sve generacije
hr.rec.sport.paintball	Sve o paintballu u RH
hr.rec.sport.rukomet	Rasprave o rukometnim dogadjanjima
hr.rec.sport.slobodno-letenje.binaries	Slobodno letenje binaries
hr.rec.sport.slobodno-letenje	Slobodno letenje
hr.rec.sport.tenis	Sve o tenisu
hr.rec.sport.trcanje	Rekreativno i profesionalno trcanje
hr.rec.sport.zimski.binaries	Binarni prilozi uz hr.rec.sport.zimski
hr.rec.sport.zimski	Zimski sportovi, savjeti, oprema
hr.rec.stripovi.binaries	Slanje stripova i povezanog sadrzaja
hr.rec.stripovi		Stripovi i sl...
hr.rec.turizam		Turizam u Hrvatskoj...
hr.rec.tv.dvb-t		Digitalni zemaljski programi, prijemnici
hr.rec.tv.iptv		Rasprave o IP televiziji
hr.rec.tv.kabelska	Rasprave o kabelskoj TV
hr.rec.tv.milijunas	Rasprave o kvizu Tko zeli biti milijunas
hr.rec.tv.satelitska.dreambox	Open source satelitski receiveri
hr.rec.tv.satelitska.pcdvb	Opcenito o koristenju dvb kartica
hr.rec.tv.satelitska	Satelitska televizija
hr.rec.tv		Televizija, program...
hr.rec.tv.uredjaji	Televizijski uredjaji i oprema
hr.rec.uzgoj-biljaka	Zanimljivosti i tehnike uzgoja biljaka
hr.rec.vinarstvo	Za amatere i profi proizvodjace vina.
hr.rec.windsurf		Tematika vezana uz jedrenje na dasci
hr.rec.zeljeznice	Zeljeznice opcenito
hr.sci.astronomija	Astronomija i astrofotografija
hr.sci.astronomija.binaries	Astrofotografije i drugi binarni zapisi
hr.sci.biologija	Biologija-znanost o zivotu
hr.sci.elektronika.binaries	Elektronicke sheme, upute i programi
hr.sci.elektronika	Elektronika, elektrotehnika...
hr.sci.elektronika.mikrokontroleri	Razni mikrokontroleri
hr.sci.energija		Proizvodnja, transport i opskrba energijom
hr.sci.fizika		Rasprave iz podrucja fizike
hr.sci.jezik		Hrvatski jezik
hr.sci.kemija		O kemiji
hr.sci.matematika	Matematicki problemi, pitanja i odgovori
hr.sci.med		Medicina za svakoga
hr.sci.meteorologija	Rasprave o meteorologiji i vremenu
hr.sci.projektiranje.strojarstvo	projektiranje strojarskih instalacija
hr.sci.psihologija	Psiha, ponasanje, problemi, psihoze
hr.sci.rodoslovlje	Rodoslovlje iskustva podaci programi
hr.sci.speleologija	O pecinama
hr.sci			Znanost i informacije o njoj u Hrvatskoj
hr.soc.grad.bjelovar	Lokalne bjelovarsko-bilogorske teme
hr.soc.grad.cakovec	Lokalne teme Cakovca i okolice
hr.soc.grad.daruvar	Daruvar, daruvarcani i podborska okolica
hr.soc.grad.djakovo	Rasprave vezane uz grad Djakovo
hr.soc.grad.dubrovnik	Rasprave vezane uz Grad Dubrovnik
hr.soc.grad.karlovac	Lokalne teme i dogadjanja u Karlovcu
hr.soc.grad.koprivnica	Rasprave vezane uz Koprivnicu i okolicu
hr.soc.grad.krapina	Grad Krapina i okolica
hr.soc.grad.krizevci	Lokalne teme i dogadjanja u Krizevcima
hr.soc.grad.kutina	Lokalne teme, dogadjanja, najave
hr.soc.grad.nasice	Rasprave vezane uz Grad Nasice
hr.soc.grad.novska	Teme i dogadjaji u gradu
hr.soc.grad.osijek	Lokalne teme i dogadjanja u Osijeku
hr.soc.grad.pozega	Rasprave vezane uz grad Pozegu
hr.soc.grad.pula	Rasprave vezane uz Grad Pulu
hr.soc.grad.rijeka	Lokalne teme i dogadjanja u Rijeci
hr.soc.grad.samobor	Rasprave vezane uz Samobor i okolicu
hr.soc.grad.sibenik	Sibenik - lokalne teme, najave
hr.soc.grad.sisak	Rasprave vezane uz grad Sisak
hr.soc.grad.slatina	O Slatini i slatinskom kraju
hr.soc.grad.slavonski-brod	Novo okupljaliste Brodjana
hr.soc.grad.split.binaries	Zanimljive slike sa splitskog podrucja
hr.soc.grad.split	Lokalne teme i dogadjanja u Splitu
hr.soc.grad.varazdin	Varazdin - najave, lokalne teme
hr.soc.grad.velika-gorica	Rasprave o gradu Velika Gorica
hr.soc.grad.vinkovci.binaries	Vinkovacka binaries grupa
hr.soc.grad.vinkovci	Grupa o gradu na Bosutu
hr.soc.grad.virovitica.binaries	fotografije virovitiana i virovitice
hr.soc.grad.virovitica	News grupa o Virovitici za Viroviticane
hr.soc.grad.vukovar	Vukovar - lokalne teme,najave
hr.soc.grad.zabok	Grad Zabok problemi, najave, dogadanja
hr.soc.grad.zadar	O Zadru
hr.soc.grad.zagreb	Metropola!
hr.soc.grad.zupanja	Rasprave o i oko Zupanje.
hr.soc.humanitarne-akcije	Grupa za donacije i pomaganje
hr.soc.invalidi		Komentari u vezi prava invalida
hr.soc.iseljenistvo	Zivot i problemi u iseljenistvu
hr.soc.mladi		Teme i problemi mladih
hr.soc.novinari		Novinari i novinarstvo u Hrvatskoj
hr.soc.otoci		Problematika otocana i zivota na otoku
hr.soc.politika		Diskusije o politickim temama u Hrvatskoj
hr.soc.povijest		Svekolika svjetska i hrvatska povijest
hr.soc.religija.judaizam	Rasprave o zidovskoj religiji i B-gu
hr.soc.religija.krscanstvo.katolici	Rasprave katolika
hr.soc.religija.krscanstvo	Rasprave vezane uz Krscanstvo
hr.soc.religija		Religija
hr.soc.religija.sotonizam	Sotonizam i kritika ostalih religija
hr.soc.roditeljstvo	Roditeljski problemi i savjeti
hr.soc.skola		Rasprave vezane uz hrvatsko skolstvo
hr.soc.stanovanje	Problematika stanovanja opcenito
hr.soc.studenti		Rasprave o studentskim problemima
hr.soc.udruge		Udruge NVO Volonterstvo Civilno drustvo
hr.soc.veterani.domovinski-rat	Veterani Domovinskog rata
hr.soc.zastita-kupaca	Zastita kupaca i korisnika
hr.talk.posao		Zaposleni i nezaposleni u Hrvatskoj
hr.talk.razno		Cavrljanje (za razliku od ostalih grupa? :-|)
hr.test			Opca Hrvatska test grupa
humanities.answers	Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
humanities.classics	Discussion of ancient Greece and Rome.
humanities.design.misc	Theory, practice, history & aesthetic issues in design.
humanities.language.sanskrit	The Sanskrit language and related topics.
humanities.lit.authors.shakespeare	Poetry, plays, history of Shakespeare.
humanities.misc		General topics in the arts & humanities.
humanities.music.composers.wagner	The life and works of Richard Wagner.
humanities.philosophy.objectivism	The ideas of Ayn Rand. (Moderated)
hun.admin.news		News adminisztracio, a hun.* csoportok.
hun.business.allas	Allashirdetesek.
hun.business.egyeb	Uzleti targyu beszelgetesek.
hun.business.reklam	Arlistak es egyeb reklamok.
hun.comp.lang.java	A Java programozasi nyelv.
hun.comp.lang.madach	A Madach regenyleiro nyelv
hun.comp.net		Szamitogephalozatok muszaki vonatkozasai.
hun.comp.os.os2		OS/2.
hun.comp.os.solaris	Solaris es SunOS.
hun.comp.text.tex	TeX es LaTeX.
hun.flame		Ami mashol off-topic lenne.
hun.fogyaszto.vedelem	Fogyasztovedelem altalaban es konkret esetekben.
hun.general		?
hun.hobbi.repules	Repules, ejtoernyozes.
hun.hobbi		Szabadidos tevekenysegek.
hun.lists.elektro	Elektronika levelezesi lista. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.auto	HIX/Auto digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.coder	HIX/Coder digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.guru	HIX/Guru digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.jatek	HIX/Jatek digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.kornyesz	HIX/Kornyesz digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.kukker	HIX/Kukker digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.kultura	HIX/Kultura digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.mobil	HIX/Mobil digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.moka	HIX/Moka digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.otthon	HIX/Otthon digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.randi	HIX/Randi digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.sport	HIX/Sport digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.tanc	HIX/Tanc digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.tipp	HIX/Tipp digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.tudomany	HIX/Tudomany digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.utazas	HIX/Utazas digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.vita	HIX/Vita digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.hix.webmester	HIX/Webmester digest. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.gimp	A GNU kepfeldolgozo rendszer. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.linux-doc	Linux levelezesi lista. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.linux-flame	Linux vitalista. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.linux-hw	Linux hardver kerdesek. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.linux-kezdo	Linux kezdoknek. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.linux	Linux levelezesi lista. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.linux++	Linux NEM kezdoknek. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.shell-l	Shell programozas. (Moderated)
hun.lists.mlf.unix	Linux levelezesi lista, altalanos Unix kerdesek. (Moderated)
hun.news.neirjide	En a helyedben nem postaznek ide semmit. De komolyan!
hun.nyelv		A magyar nyelv.
hun.org.hungarnet.egyeni-kutatok	Hungarnet Egy. Egyeni Kutatok Szakoszt.
hun.piac.comp.keres	Megvetelre keresett szamitogepek es alkatreszek.
hun.piac.comp.kinal	Eladasra kinalt szamitogepek es alkatreszek.
hun.piac.egyeb		Egyeb maganjellegu adok-veszek, cserebere.
hun.politika		Politikai temaju vitak es beszelgetesek.
hun.test		A news rendszer tesztelesere szolgalo csoport.
hun.test.moderated	A news szervereden levo 'moderators' file tesztelesere. (Moderated)
hun.vallas.szcientologia	A szcientologiarol altalaban, pro s kontra.
it.aiuto		Richieste generiche di aiuto
it.annunci.commerciali	Annunci commerciali
it.annunci.immobiliari	Acquisti, vendite ed affitti di immobili
it.annunci.usato.autoveicoli	Vendita e acquisto di veicoli usati e accessori
it.annunci.usato.foto-video	Compravendita attrezzature foto/video
it.annunci.usato.informatico	Materiale informatico di seconda mano
it.annunci.usato.informatico.nord	Compravendita usato inform. nord Italia
it.annunci.usato.motociclismo	Mercatino virtuale per il motociclista
it.annunci.usato	Piccoli annunci di vendita e di acquisto
it.annunci.usato.telefonia	Annunci economici per telefonia ed accessori
it.annunci.varie	Bacheca di annunci e nuove iniziative
it.arti.animazione	Il cinema d'animazione (Moderated)
it.arti.architettura	L'architettura
it.arti.ballo.lat-americano	Musica e balli latino-americani
it.arti.cartoni		Cartoni animati in Italia
it.arti.cartoni.mercatino	Il mercatino di it.arti.cartoni (Moderated)
it.arti.cinema		Il cinema in Italia
it.arti.cinema.recensioni	Recensioni e commenti cinematografici (Moderated)
it.arti.fantasy		Per gli appassionati di fantasy
it.arti.fotografia.digitale	La fotografia digitale
it.arti.fotografia	La fotografia
it.arti.fotografia.segnalazioni	Segnalazioni delle proprie opere
it.arti.fumetti.bonelli	I fumetti della casa editrice Bonelli
it.arti.fumetti.manga	I manga del Sol Levante (Moderated)
it.arti.fumetti		Per appassionati di fumetti
it.arti.hiphop		L'hiphop in tutte le sue forme
it.arti.musica.classica.mod	Musica classica (Moderated)
it.arti.musica.classica	Musica classica e lirica
it.arti.musica.jazz	Musica jazz
it.arti.musica.metal	Heavy metal, black metal, death, epic, ecc
it.arti.musica		Musica leggera, pop, rock...
it.arti.musica.polifonia	Cori polifonici
it.arti.musica.rock	Il calderone rock e le sue evoluzioni
it.arti.musica.rock.progressive	Gruppi e artisti rock progressive
it.arti.musica.spartiti	Scambio di spartiti con accordi o intavolature
it.arti.musica.strumenti.basso	La chiave di basso
it.arti.musica.strumenti.chitarra	La chitarra
it.arti.musica.strumenti.chitarra.mod	La chitarra (Moderated)
it.arti.musica.strumenti.tastiere	Sintetizzatori e tastiere elettroniche
it.arti.musica.strumenti	Tutti (o quasi) gli strumenti musicali
it.arti.musica.strumenti.voce	Lo strumento voce a tutto tondo
it.arti.musica.studio	Lo studio della musica in tutte le sue forme
it.arti.poesia		Per gli amanti della poesia
it.arti.scrivere	Scritti inediti e consigli per gli autori
it.arti.teatro		Per chi il teatro lo vede e per chi il teatro lo fa
it.arti.trash		Il movimento artistico trash
it.arti.varie		Spettacoli ed arti varie in Italia
it.associazioni.cri	La Croce Rossa Italiana
it.binari.cartoni	File binari tratti dai cartoni animati (Moderated)
it.binari.file		Per scambiare file binari (Moderated)
it.binari.x.erotismo.amatoriale	Il piacere del fai da te (Moderated)
it.binari.x.erotismo	Immagini e file vietati ai minori (Moderated)
it.binari.x.erotismo.scanseries	Il gruppo degli scannerizzatori (Moderated)
it.comp.accessibilita	Contro le barriere informatiche
it.comp.aiuto		Discussioni su problemi informatici
it.comp.appl.access	Il DBMS Microsoft Access
it.comp.appl.eudora	Eudora Client e server - Problemi e suggerimenti
it.comp.appl.icq	Amici con ICQ
it.comp.appl.macromedia	I prodotti Macromedia (Moderated)
it.comp.appl.notes-domino	Lotus Notes e Domino: prodotti e sviluppo
it.comp.as400		IBM AS/400
it.comp.console.playstation	Per gli appassionati della Sony Playstation
it.comp.console		Sistemi console per videogiochi
it.comp.dotnet		Le implementazioni della Common Language Infrastructure
it.comp.giochi.action	Videogiochi di azione
it.comp.giochi.annunci	Contatti per il multiplayer e il cerco-offro
it.comp.giochi.avventure.grafiche	Soluzioni, aiuto e commenti
it.comp.giochi.avventure.testuali	Interactive Fiction
it.comp.giochi.mud	I MUD italiani e non
it.comp.giochi.rpg.ultimaonline	Tutti gli aspetti di Ultima
it.comp.giochi.rpg	Videogiochi di ruolo e avventura
it.comp.giochi.simulatori	Videogiochi di simulazione
it.comp.giochi.simulatori.volo	I simulatori di volo
it.comp.giochi.sportivi.hattrick	Hattrick, il calcio manager online
it.comp.giochi.sportivi	Videogiochi sportivi
it.comp.giochi.strategici	Videogiochi di strategia
it.comp.giochi.sviluppo	Sviluppo di videogiochi in Italia
it.comp.giochi		Usare il computer per giocare
it.comp.grafica.photoshop	Adobe Photoshop
it.comp.grafica		Problemi sulla grafica
it.comp.hardware.cd	I masterizzatori per PC
it.comp.hardware.cpu	Informazioni e notizie sui processori per calcolatori
it.comp.hardware.dvd	Lettori, masterizzatori, supporti ed applicazioni
it.comp.hardware.modem	I modem
it.comp.hardware.motherboard	Le schede madri
it.comp.hardware.overclock	Tecniche di overclocking
it.comp.hardware.palmari	Computer palmari
it.comp.hardware.palmari.gps	Il palmare come Nav. Satellitare o GPS
it.comp.hardware.schede-audio	Le schede audio per PC
it.comp.hardware.scsi	Periferiche SCSI
it.comp.hardware.storage	Dispositivi per la memorizzazione digitale
it.comp.hardware	Tecnica e discussioni sull'hardware dei calcolatori
it.comp.hardware.video-3d	Le schede grafiche con funzioni 3D
it.comp.ia		Intelligenza artificiale
it.comp.java		Il linguaggio Java di Sun
it.comp.lang.c++	Il linguaggio C++
it.comp.lang.c		Il linguaggio di programmazione C
it.comp.lang.delphi	Il linguaggio Delphi di Borland
it.comp.lang.javascript	Il linguaggio JavaScript
it.comp.lang		Linguaggi di programmazione vari (Moderated)
it.comp.lang.pascal	Il linguaggio di programmazione Pascal
it.comp.lang.perl	Programmare in Perl
it.comp.lang.python	Il linguaggio di programmazione Python
it.comp.lang.visual-basic	Il linguaggio Visual Basic di Microsoft
it.comp.lang.vo-clipper	Visual Object e Clipper
it.comp.macintosh	Dedicato agli utenti della Mela
it.comp.musica.midi	Consigli e aiuti per i programmi MIDI
it.comp.musica.mp3	Metodo di compressione MPEG Layer 3 (Moderated)
it.comp.musica.mp3.scambi	Reperibilit e scambio di file mp3
it.comp.musica		Per tutti coloro che fanno musica col computer
it.comp.os.amiga	I sistemi Amiga
it.comp.os.dibattiti	Dibattiti sui vari Sistemi Operativi
it.comp.os.dos		Sistemi operativi MS-DOS/Windows 3.XX
it.comp.os.freebsd	Il sistema operativo FreeBSD
it.comp.os.linux.annunci	Annunci riguardanti Linux in Italia (Moderated)
it.comp.os.linux.debian	Debian GNU/Linux e i suoi derivati
it.comp.os.linux.development	Programmazione in ambiente Linux
it.comp.os.linux.iniziare	Configurare sistemi Linux
it.comp.os.linux.mandrake	La distribuzione Mandrake
it.comp.os.linux.redhat	Red Hat, Fedora e distribuzioni derivate
it.comp.os.linux.software	Applicazioni per Linux
it.comp.os.linux.sys	Il sistema operativo Linux
it.comp.os.linux.ubuntu	Ubuntu Linux e i suoi derivati
it.comp.os.openbsd	Il sistema operativo OpenBSD
it.comp.os.os2		OS/2
it.comp.os.unix		Il sistema operativo UNIX e simili (Moderated)
it.comp.os.win.nt	Il sistema operativo Windows NT
it.comp.os.win.software	Applicazioni per Windows
it.comp.os.win.vista	Microsoft Windows Vista
it.comp.os.win.win2000	Microsoft Windows 2000
it.comp.os.win.win9x	Il sistema operativo Windows 9x
it.comp.os.win.windows7	Microsoft Windows 7
it.comp.os.win.windows8	Microsoft Windows 8
it.comp.os.win.xp	Microsoft Windows XP
it.comp.programmare	Programmare il computer
it.comp.programmare.win32	Programmazione per Windows a 32 bit
it.comp.reti.cisco	I router Cisco
it.comp.reti.ip-admin	Amministrazione di reti IP
it.comp.reti.locali	Reti locali
it.comp.reti.wireless	LAN senza fili: applicazioni, limiti, legislazione
it.comp.retrocomputing	Macchine che hanno fatto la storia informatica
it.comp.sicurezza.crittografia	Crittografia/analisi: teoria e applicazioni
it.comp.sicurezza.pgp	Il programma di crittografia a chiave pubblica PGP
it.comp.sicurezza.unix	Problematiche di sicurezza in ambiente UNIX
it.comp.sicurezza.varie	La computer security
it.comp.sicurezza.virus	Virus e antivirus
it.comp.sicurezza.windows	Sicurezza informatica in ambiente Windows
it.comp.software.browser	Programmi per frequentare il WWW (Moderated)
it.comp.software.cad	Strumenti per la progettazione assistita da computer
it.comp.software.database	La gestione di database
it.comp.software.divx	Compressione video in DivX o altri formati
it.comp.software.editor	Creare e modificare del testo usando un computer
it.comp.software.emulatori.console-recenti	Emulatori console PSX attuali
it.comp.software.emulatori	Emulatori per computer e console
it.comp.software.irc	IRC in Italia
it.comp.software.libero	Il software libero e le sue prospettive di sviluppo
it.comp.software.mailreader	Programmi per leggere le e-mail (Moderated)
it.comp.software.newsreader	Programmi per leggere le news
it.comp.software.p2p	I programmi e le reti peer to peer
it.comp.software.shareware	Shareware e pubblico dominio in italiano
it.comp.software.tex	Utilizzare TeX in italiano
it.comp.virtualizzazione	Sistemi di virtualizzazione
it.comp.www.asp		Active Server Pages - ASP in Italia (Moderated)
it.comp.www.homepages	Gestire pagine WWW personali gratuite
it.comp.www.hosting	Hosting, housing, server dedicati, registrazione domini
it.comp.www.html	Linguaggi e tecnologie del web (Moderated)
it.comp.www		Il World-Wide Web in Italia
it.comp.www.php		Il linguaggio di programmazione PHP
it.comp.www.server	Lavorare con i server web
it.cultura.antagonista	Cultura antagonista in Italia
it.cultura.ateismo	Dedicato a chi non ci crede
it.cultura.cattolica	Tradizioni, esperienze, dottrina cattolica (Moderated)
it.cultura.classica	Lingua, letteratura e civilt greca e latina (Moderated)
it.cultura		Cultura e culture italiane
it.cultura.cybersocieta	Comunit virtuali nel Cyberspazio
it.cultura.cybersocieta.lamer	inserisci qui il titolo del gruppo
it.cultura.ebraica	Storia, cultura e tradizioni ebraiche (Moderated)
it.cultura.fantascienza	La fantascienza in Italia
it.cultura.fantascienza.startrek	Esplorare le possibilit dell'esistenza (Moderated)
it.cultura.filosofia	La filosofia e le sue questioni
it.cultura.filosofia.moderato	Il piacere della filosofia (Moderated)
it.cultura.horror	Letteratura e cinematografia dell'orrore
it.cultura.letteratura.italiana	Letteratura italiana
it.cultura.libri	Recensioni di libri da parte dei lettori
it.cultura.linguistica.francese	La lingua francese
it.cultura.linguistica.giapponese	Studio della lingua Giapponese
it.cultura.linguistica.inglese	Studio e approfondimento della lingua inglese
it.cultura.linguistica.italiano	Usare correttamente la lingua italiana
it.cultura.linguistica	Lingue e dialetti del mondo
it.cultura.militare	Cultura e attualit militare nel mondo contemporaneo
it.cultura.newage	Le culture della Nuova Era
it.cultura.orientale.giappone	La cultura giapponese in tutti i suoi aspetti
it.cultura.orientale	Le culture dei paesi orientali
it.cultura.religioni.bahai	Temi culturali e religiosi baha'i (Moderated)
it.cultura.religioni.buddhismo	Il buddhismo
it.cultura.religioni.cristiani	Ripartire da Cristo (Moderated)
it.cultura.religioni	Religioni e religiosit
it.cultura.single	Come vivere da singoli in Italia
it.cultura.storia	La storia, da antica a contemporanea
it.cultura.storia.militare	La storia militare dall'antichit ad oggi (Moderated)
it.cultura.storia.moderato	La storia da antica a contemporanea (Moderated)
it.diritto.assicurazioni	Discussioni giuridiche sulle assicurazioni
it.diritto.condominio	I problemi del condominio
it.diritto.internet	Problemi giuridici nel cyberspazio
it.diritto		Le questioni del diritto in Italia
it.discussioni.agricoltura	Scienza e tecnologia nell'agricoltura
it.discussioni.animali.cani	Comportamento, addestramento e salute dei cani
it.discussioni.animali.gatti	Il newsgroup degli amici dei felini
it.discussioni.animali	Gli Animali
it.discussioni.anni80	I discorsi sui mitici anni 80
it.discussioni.astrologia	Discussione e informazione astrologica (Moderated)
it.discussioni.auto.ford	Per i clienti Ford (Moderated)
it.discussioni.auto	Gli italiani e le automobili
it.discussioni.auto.mod	Automezzi (Moderated)
it.discussioni.commercialisti	Ordine dei Dottori Commercialisti
it.discussioni.consumatori.tutela	La tutela del consumatore
it.discussioni.droghe	Gli uomini e le droghe (legali e non) (Moderated)
it.discussioni.energia	Energia e dintorni
it.discussioni.energie-alternative	Sfruttamento delle energie alternative
it.discussioni.folli	Sfoghiamo la nostra follia
it.discussioni.geometri	La professione del geometra
it.discussioni.giallo	Il giallo: letteratura, cinematografia, eventi
it.discussioni.giustizia	Dibattiti sull'amministrazione della giustizia
it.discussioni.ingegneria.civile	Ingegneria civile in Italia
it.discussioni.ingegneria	Ingegneria in Italia
it.discussioni.iso9000	Le norme ISO 9000 e la cultura qualitativa
it.discussioni.leggende.metropolitane	Leggende metropolitane
it.discussioni.litigi	Sfoghiamo i nostri nervi
it.discussioni.misteri	Avvenimenti, creature ed oggetti misteriosi
it.discussioni.motori	Aspetti tecnici e tecnologici dei veicoli
it.discussioni.pena-di-morte	Dibattiti riguardo la pena di morte
it.discussioni.psicologia	Mente e comportamento (Moderated)
it.discussioni.ristoranti	Esperienze, men, prezzi e descrizioni
it.discussioni.sentimenti	Amore, amicizia & co. (Moderated)
it.discussioni.sessualita	Sesso e sessualit, discutiamone (Moderated)
it.discussioni.sogni	Misteriose creazioni della mente
it.discussioni.ufo	L'ufologia
it.discussioni.varie	Discussioni libere
it.economia.analisi-tecn	Analisi tecnica finanziaria in Italia
it.economia.banche	Le banche ed i loro servizi (Moderated)
it.economia.borsa.estero	Le borse valori internazionali
it.economia.borsa	L'andamento della borsa di Milano
it.economia.borsa.trading-online	Il trading online (Moderated)
it.economia.carte-di-credito	Le carte di credito
it.economia.e-commerce	Il mezzo che rivoluzioner il commercio (Moderated)
it.economia.fisco	Tematiche di natura fiscale
it.economia.fondicomuni	Discussioni sui fondi comuni di investimento italiani
it.economia.investire	Investi il tuo denaro!
it.economia		Le discipline economiche
it.fan.asimov		Il maestro della SF
it.fan.culo		Un dito medio proteso da Internet al resto dell'Italia
it.fan.japan.adachi	Mitsuru Adachi: la giovent, l'amore e lo sport
it.fan.japan.r-takahashi	Rumiko Takahashi e la sua opera
it.fan.japan.sailor-moon	Guerriere che vestono alla marinara
it.fan.marco-ditri	Nel nome del grande Marco d'Itri
it.fan.matrix		I film Matrix
it.fan.musica.baglioni	Claudio Baglioni
it.fan.musica.battiato	Fan di Franco Battiato
it.fan.musica.carmen-consoli	La cantantessa Carmen Consoli
it.fan.musica.de-andre	Fabrizio De Andr
it.fan.musica.elio	I fan di Elio e le Storie Tese
it.fan.musica.guccini	La musica e il resto di Francesco Guccini
it.fan.musica		Il fan group per artisti e gruppi musicali
it.fan.musica.ligabue	Per tutti i fan del liga
it.fan.musica.lucio-battisti	Lucio Battisti: emozioni, pensieri e parole
it.fan.musica.pearl-jam	I Pearl Jam
it.fan.musica.pink-floyd	Il mito Pink Floyd: musica, testi, luci e sogni
it.fan.musica.queen	Queen Rhapsody
it.fan.musica.rem	I R.E.M. e i loro fan: a Perfect Circle
it.fan.musica.springsteen	Canzoni, dischi, concerti di Bruce Springsteen
it.fan.musica.u2	La band irlandese U2
it.fan.nutella		Un gruppo tutto da spalmare
it.fan.radio.deejay	Il network radiofonico Radio Deejay
it.fan.radio		Il fan group degli utenti radiofonici
it.fan.scrittori.tolkien	La Terra di Mezzo, il mito e il fantastico
it.fan.startrek		Star Trek, la saga continua...
it.fan.starwars		Appassionati di Star Wars in Italia (Moderated)
it.fan.stephen-king	Notizie e discussioni sullo scrittore Stephen King
it.fan.studio-vit	L'informazione videoludica di Studio Vit
it.fan.tv.babylon5	La serie Babylon 5
it.fan.tv.buffy		Buffy, l'ammazzavampiri
it.fan.tv.dawsons-creek	Dawson's Creek
it.fan.tv.er		Il telefilm Medici in Prima Linea
it.fan.tv.friends	La sit-com televisiva Friends
it.fan.tv		Il fan group degli utenti televisivi
it.fan.tv.mai-dire-gol	Per gli appassionati della trasmissione _Mai Dire Gol_
it.fan.tv.scrubs	La sit-com televisiva Scrubs
it.fan.tv.simpson	Il cartone animato The Simpsons
it.fan.tv.x-files	Trust No One
it.faq			FAQ relative ai gruppi italiani (Moderated)
it.hobby.acquari	Acquariofilia
it.hobby.aquiloni	Aquiloni e aquilonisti in Italia
it.hobby.armi		Le armi
it.hobby.armi.moderato	Le armi (Moderated)
it.hobby.audiovisivi	Gli apparecchi audiovisivi
it.hobby.birra		La birra!
it.hobby.cicloturismo	Per gli amanti della bicicletta
it.hobby.creativi	Dal ricamo alle vetrate Tiffany
it.hobby.cucina		Arte di mangiar bene e convivio telematico di cibonomia
it.hobby.elettronica.digitale	Ci che ruota intorno al micro
it.hobby.elettronica	Passione per l'elettronica
it.hobby.elettronica.riparazioni	Riparare apparecchiature elettroniche
it.hobby.enigmi		Enigmistica e quesiti vari
it.hobby.fai-da-te	Far da s col legno ed altri materiali
it.hobby.fantasport	Fantacalcio e altri giochi di immaginazione sportiva
it.hobby.giardinaggio	Impara a curare il tuo giardino
it.hobby.giochi.gdr.dnd	Dungeons & Dragons - fantasia in gioco
it.hobby.giochi.gdr	I giochi di ruolo
it.hobby.giochi		Tutti i tipi di giochi
it.hobby.hi-fi.car	Impianti Hi-Fi in auto
it.hobby.hi-fi		La musica ad alta fedelt
it.hobby.home-cinema	Home entertainment audio e video
it.hobby.home-cinema.titoli-dvd	Film, telefilm, concerti e altre opere in DVD
it.hobby.lotto		Il gioco del lotto
it.hobby.modellismo	La passione del modellismo
it.hobby.motociclismo	Chiacchiere intorno alla moto
it.hobby.motociclismo.scooter	Chiacchiere intorno allo scooter
it.hobby.motociclismo.viaggi	Il turismo in moto
it.hobby.nautica	Porto chiacchiera - la banchina virtuale
it.hobby.pescare	Per gli appassionati di pesca
it.hobby.piante.cactus	Le piante grasse
it.hobby.radioamatori.moderato	Vita e tecnica radioamatoriali (Moderated)
it.hobby.radioamatori	Per radioamatori e SWL
it.hobby.radioascolto	Il radioascolto in Italia
it.hobby.radio-cb	La CB in Italia
it.hobby.robotica	La robotica
it.hobby.satellite-tv.digitale	La TV via satellite digitale
it.hobby.satellite-tv.digitale.mod	La TV via satellite digitale (Moderated)
it.hobby.satellite-tv	La TV via satellite
it.hobby.scacchi	Il gioco degli scacchi
it.hobby.scuba		Appassionati di subacquea
it.hobby.totoscommesse	Scommesse sportive finalmente in Italia
it.hobby.umorismo	Umorismo e comicit
it.hobby.vari		Gli hobby in genere
it.hobby.viaggi		Appassionati di viaggio in Italia e non solo
it.hobby.viaggi.inter-rail	Viaggiare in inter-rail
it.hobby.vino		Vino, produttori appassionati esperti
it.hobby.volo.ultraleggero	Volo ultraleggero
it.hobby.volo		Volare come attivit ricreativa
it.industria.elettrotecnica.normative	Normative settore elettrotecnico
it.istruzione.scuola	Il sistema scolastico in Italia
it.istruzione.scuola.informatica	Didattica dell'informatica
it.istruzione.universita	Gli Atenei Italiani
it.istruzione.universita.ingegneria	Per gli studenti di ingegneria
it.lavoro.consulenti	Consulenza del lavoro e gestione risorse umane
it.lavoro.informatica	Lavorare nell'informatica
it.lavoro.mlm		MultiLevel e Network Marketing
it.lavoro.offerte	Annunci di offerte di lavoro (Moderated)
it.lavoro.prevenzione	La prevenzione e sicurezza negli ambienti di lavoro
it.lavoro.professioni	Il mondo del lavoro, i suoi attori (Moderated)
it.lavoro.professioni.pubblicita	Comunicazione pubblicitaria e d'impresa
it.lavoro.professioni.webmaster	Creazione e mantenimento di siti web
it.lavoro.richieste	Richieste di lavoro (Moderated)
it.lavoro.sindacato	L'organizzarsi dei lavoratori (Moderated)
it.media.tv.digitale.terrestre	La televisione digitale terrestre
it.media.tv.fantascienza	Serie televisive fantascientifiche
it.media.tv		La televisione italiana
it.media.tv.reality-show	Da RealTV al Grande Fratello, la realt in TV
it.media.video.produzione	La produzione di video
it.news.aiuto		Domande e risposte sul servizio news
it.news.annunci		Annunci ufficiali della gerarchia it.* (Moderated)
it.news.gcn		Domande e insulti al GCN
it.news.gestione	Gestione tecnica del servizio news
it.news.gruppi		Creazione e cancellazione di newsgroup
it.news.moderazione	Moderazione dei newsgroup
it.news.net-abuse	Gli abusi della rete, incluso lo spamming
it.news.votazioni	Votazioni per la creazione dei newsgroup (Moderated)
it.politica.cattolici	I cattolici e la politica (Moderated)
it.politica.destra	La destra italiana in Italia e all'estero (Moderated)
it.politica.internazionale.israele	Politica e societ israeliana (Moderated)
it.politica.internazionale	La politica internazionale
it.politica		La politica italiana
it.politica.libertaria	Le idee liberiste e libertarie
it.politica.pds		La politica del Partito Democratico della Sinistra
it.politica.polo	La politica del Polo per le libert
it.politica.sinistra	Un progetto politico per la sinistra (Moderated)
it.politica.ulivo	La politica della coalizione dell'Ulivo
it.salute.aids		L'immunodeficienza acquisita
it.salute.alimentazione	Alimentazione e suoi aspetti medico-dietetici
it.salute.cefalee	Come meglio affrontare il mal di testa
it.salute		Consigli e supporto sui temi della salute
it.scienza.ambiente	I problemi della tutela ambientale
it.scienza.astronomia.amatoriale	Astronomia amatoriale
it.scienza.astronomia	Discussioni astronomiche (Moderated)
it.scienza.astronomia.seti	Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence
it.scienza.biologia	Biologia
it.scienza.chimica	La chimica
it.scienza.divulgazione	Divulgazione scientifica (Moderated)
it.scienza.fisica	Le leggi della natura (Moderated)
it.scienza.geologia	Le scienze della terra
it.scienza.informatica	La teoria dell'informatica (Moderated)
it.scienza		La scienza e la ricerca in Italia
it.scienza.matematica	La regina delle scienze
it.scienza.medicina	Medicina e salute (Moderated)
it.scienza.medicina.tumori	Discussioni e aggiornamenti sul cancro (Moderated)
it.sesso.annunci	Annunci legati al sesso
it.sesso.discussioni	Discussioni intorno all'argomento sesso
it.sesso.racconti	Racconti erotici in italiano (Moderated)
it.sociale.adozione	L'adozione
it.sociale.anorexbulimia	Anoressia, bulimia, alimentazione compulsiva
it.sociale.globalizzazione	Gli effetti del neoliberismo (Moderated)
it.sociale.handicap	Disabilit e handicap: notizie e opinioni
it.sociale.obiezione	Obiezione di coscienza e servizio civile
it.sociale.primosoccorso	Il primo soccorso sanitario
it.sociale.scout	Lo scoutismo in Italia
it.sociale.volontariato	Volontariato e solidariet
it.sport.americani	Gli sport americani
it.sport.arti-marziali	Le arti marziali in Italia
it.sport.atletica	L'atletica leggera vista dagli appassionati
it.sport.basket		La pallacanestro in Italia
it.sport.calcio.estero	Il calcio straniero
it.sport.calcio.fiorentina	Il covo dei viola
it.sport.calcio.genoa	I Grifoni in Rete
it.sport.calcio		Il calcio in Italia
it.sport.calcio.inter-fc	L'Internazionale Football Club
it.sport.calcio.inter	L'Internazionale football club (Moderated)
it.sport.calcio.juventus	Lo Juventus F.C. (Moderated)
it.sport.calcio.milan	Fedeli alla nostra bandiera
it.sport.calcio.moderato	Il mondo del calcio italiano (Moderated)
it.sport.calcio.napoli	Il Napoli
it.sport.calcio.palermo	Area RosaNero
it.sport.calcio.roma	I veri tifosi giallorossi
it.sport.calcio.sampdoria	Chi si accontenta gode e perder
it.sport.calcio.torino	I tifosi del Toro
it.sport.ciclismo	Il ciclismo in rete
it.sport.formula1	La Formula 1
it.sport.formula1.moderato	La Formula 1 in tutti i suoi aspetti (Moderated)
it.sport.golf		Il Golf
it.sport		Lo sport in Italia
it.sport.montagna	Per gli amanti della montagna
it.sport.motociclismo	Campionato mondiale di motociclismo
it.sport.nuoto		Il nuoto in Italia
it.sport.palestra	Cultura fisica come sport primario
it.sport.rally		I rally
it.sport.rugby		Notizie e commenti sul magico sport dell'ovale
it.sport.sci		Sci(volare) sulla neve
it.sport.tennis		Per gli appassionati di tennis
it.sport.volley		La pallavolo agonistica e non
it.sport.windsurf	Il windsurf in Italia
it.test.moderato	Prove di posting e robomoderazione (Moderated)
it.test			Prove di posting
it.tlc.cellulari.android	I dispositivi mobili basati su Android
it.tlc.cellulari.iphone	I dispositivi mobili Apple
it.tlc.cellulari.motorola	Notizie, info, assistenza per i cell. Motorola
it.tlc.cellulari	Telefonia mobile GSM
it.tlc.gestori.fastweb	Internet e Telefonia su fibra ottica e DSL
it.tlc.gestori.infostrada	La nuova compagnia telefonica degli italiani
it.tlc.gestori		Le compagnie telefoniche, tutte
it.tlc.gestori.telecom	Telecom Italia
it.tlc.gestori.tim	TIM e la sua rete cellulare
it.tlc.gestori.tre	Il gestore telefonia mobile Tre (H3G)
it.tlc.gestori.vodafone	Omnitel Vodafone e la sua rete cellulare
it.tlc.gestori.wind	Wind, telefonia mobile e fissa
it.tlc.hardware.nokia	I telefoni cellulari Nokia
it.tlc.provider.disservizi	Valgono qualcosa i nostri provider?
it.tlc.provider		I fornitori di servizi e accesso Internet (Moderated)
it.tlc.telefonia.adsl	ADSL e xDSL
it.tlc.telefonia.isdn	Gruppo tecnico sulla telefonia ISDN in Italia
it.tlc.telefonia	Le tecnologie telefoniche
it.tlc.telefonia.voip	Il trasporto della voce su reti IP
junk			Unfiled articles (no posting)
linux.admin.news	The linux.* hierarchy
linux.binaries.kernel	New kernels (Moderated)
linux.debian.announce	debian-announce@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.announce.devel	debian-devel-announce@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.announce.security	debian-security-announce@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.beowulf	debian-beowulf@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.bugs.dist	debian-bugs-dist@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.bugs.rc	debian-bugs-rc@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.changes	debian-changes@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.changes.devel	debian-devel-changes@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.consultants	debian-consultants@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.curiosa	debian-curiosa@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel.cd	debian-cd@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel	debian-devel@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel.french	debian-devel-french@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel.italian	debian-devel-italian@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel.mentors	debian-mentors@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel.qa	debian-qa@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel.release	debian-release@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel.spanish	debian-devel-spanish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.devel.testing	debian-testing@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.doc	debian-doc@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.isp	debian-isp@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.kernel	debian-kernel@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.danish	debian-l10n-danish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.dutch	debian-l10n-dutch@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.finnish	debian-l10n-finnish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.french	debian-l10n-french@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.german	debian-l10n-german@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.polish	debian-l10n-polish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.portuguese	debian-l10n-portuguese@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.spanish	debian-l10n-spanish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.l10n.turkish	debian-l10n-turkish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.laptop	debian-laptop@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.legal	debian-legal@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.boot	debian-boot@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.dpkg	debian-dpkg@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.emacsen	debian-emacsen@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.firewall	debian-firewall@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.glibc	debian-glibc@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.gtk.gnome	debian-gtk-gnome@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.hams	debian-hams@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.i18n	debian-i18n@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.ipv6	debian-ipv6@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.java	debian-java@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.jr	debian-jr@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.kde	debian-kde@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.ocaml.maint	debian-ocaml-maint@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.perl	debian-perl@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.pilot	debian-pilot@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.python	debian-python@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.sgml	debian-sgml@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.tetex	debian-tetex-maint@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.maint.x	debian-x@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.news	debian-news@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.news.french	debian-news-french@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.news.german	debian-news-german@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.news.portuguese	debian-news-portuguese@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.policy	debian-policy@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.68k	debian-68k@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.alpha	debian-alpha@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.arm	debian-arm@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.hppa	debian-hppa@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.hurd	debian-hurd@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.ia64	debian-ia64@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.mips	debian-mips@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.powerpc	debian-powerpc@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.s390	debian-s390@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.sparc	debian-sparc@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.superh	debian-superh@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.ports.x86-64	debian-x86-64@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.project	debian-project@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.security	debian-security@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.catalan	debian-user-catalan@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.chinese.big5	debian-chinese-big5@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.danish	debian-user-danish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user	debian-user@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.french	debian-user-french@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.german	debian-user-german@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.italian	debian-italian@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.japanese	debian-japanese@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.polish	debian-user-polish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.portuguese	debian-user-portuguese@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.russian	debian-russian@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.spanish	debian-user-spanish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.swedish	debian-user-swedish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.turkish	debian-user-turkish@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.user.ukrainian	debian-user-ukrainian@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.vote	debian-vote@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.debian.www	debian-www@lists.debian.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.announce	gentoo-announce@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.dev	gentoo-dev@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.user.de	gentoo-user-de@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.user.es	gentoo-user-es@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.user.fr	gentoo-user-fr@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.user	gentoo-user@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.user.id	gentoo-user-id@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.user.kr	gentoo-user-kr@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.user.pl	gentoo-user-pl@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.gentoo.weekly-news	gentoo-gwn@lists.gentoo.org (Moderated)
linux.kernel		linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org (Moderated)
linux.redhat.devel	redhat-devel
linux.redhat.install	redhat-install
linux.redhat.misc	?
linux.redhat.ppp	PPP software under RedHat
linux.redhat		RedHat Discussions
linux.redhat.rpm	Red Hat Package Manager
linux.samba.announce	samba-announce@lists.samba.org (Moderated)
linux.samba		samba@lists.samba.org (Moderated)
linux.test		Propagation tests (Moderated)
local.general		Local general group
local.test		Local test group
misc.activism.progressive	Information for Progressive activists. (Moderated)
misc.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
misc.books.technical	Discussion of books about technical topics.
misc.business.consulting	The business of consulting. (Moderated)
misc.business.marketing.moderated	Roundtable for marketing topics. (Moderated)
misc.business.moderated	Roundtable for general business topics. (Moderated)
misc.business.records-mgmt	All aspects of professional records management.
misc.consumers		Consumer interests, product reviews, etc.
misc.consumers.frugal-living	Practicing a frugal lifestyle.
misc.consumers.house	Discussion about owning and maintaining a house.
misc.consumers.house.homeowner-assn	Common interest housing developments.
misc.creativity		Promoting the use of creativity in all human endeavors.
misc.education.adult	Adult education and adult literacy practice/research.
misc.education		Discussion of the educational system.
misc.education.home-school.christian	Christian home-schooling.
misc.education.home-school.misc	Almost anything about home-schooling.
misc.education.language.english	Teaching English to speakers of other languages.
misc.education.medical	Issues related to medical education.
misc.education.science	Issues related to science education.
misc.emerg-services	Forum for paramedics & other first responders.
misc.entrepreneurs	Discussion on operating a business.
misc.entrepreneurs.moderated	Entrepreneur/business topics. (Moderated)
misc.facts.straight-dope	The Straight Dope column and related topics.
misc.fitness.aerobic	All forms of aerobic activity.
misc.fitness.misc	All other general fitness topics.
misc.fitness.walking	Fitness walking: help, instruction, events.
misc.fitness.weights	Bodybuilding, weightlifting, resistance.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.cards.misc	Macintosh expansion cards.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.misc	Other Macintosh equipment.
misc.forsale.computers.mac-specific.software	Macintosh software.
misc.forsale.computers.memory	Memory chips and modules for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.modems	Modems for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.net-hardware	Networking hardware for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.other.misc	Miscellaneous other equipment.
misc.forsale.computers.other.software	Software for other systems.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.cards.misc	PC expansion cards.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.misc	Other PC-specific equipment.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.portables	Portable PC systems.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.software	PC software.
misc.forsale.computers.pc-specific.systems	Complete PC systems.
misc.forsale.computers.storage	Disk, CDROM and tape drives for sale and wanted.
misc.forsale.computers.workstation	Workstation related computer items.
misc.forsale.non-computer	Non-computer items for sale and wanted.
misc.handicap		Discussions of interest to persons with disabilities.
misc.headlines		Current interest: drug testing, terrorism, etc.
misc.health.aids	AIDS issues and support.
misc.health.alternative	Alternative, complementary and holistic health care.
misc.health.arthritis	Arthritis and related disorders.
misc.health.diabetes	Discussion of diabetes management in day to day life.
misc.health.infertility	Treatment & support of infertility.
misc.health.injuries.rsi.misc	All about Repetitive Strain Injuries.
misc.health.therapy.occupational	All areas of occupational therapy.
misc.immigration.australia+nz	Migration forum for Australia and New Zealand.
misc.immigration.canada	Canada immigration issues.
misc.immigration.misc	Miscellaneous countries immigration issues.
misc.immigration.usa	USA immigration issues.
misc.industry.electronics.marketplace	Electronics products & services.
misc.industry.quality	Quality standards and other issues.
misc.industry.utilities.electric	The electric utility industry.
misc.int-property	Discussion of intellectual property rights.
misc.invest.canada	Investing in Canadian financial markets.
misc.invest.financial-plan	Financial planning in general. (Moderated)
misc.invest.futures	Physical commodity and financial futures markets.
misc.invest.marketplace	All other ads/promotions.
misc.invest.misc	Investments not in other misc.invest.* groups.
misc.invest.mutual-funds	Mutual Funds.
misc.invest.options	Financial options on stocks and futures.
misc.invest.real-estate	Property investments.
misc.invest.stocks	Forum for sharing info about stocks and options.
misc.invest.technical	Analyzing market trends with technical methods.
misc.jobs.contract	Discussions about contract labor.
misc.jobs.fields.chemistry	Employment in the chemical sciences.
misc.jobs.misc		Discussion about employment, workplaces, careers.
misc.jobs.resumes	Postings of resumes and "situation wanted" articles.
misc.kids.breastfeeding	Information, support, and decisions re breastfeeding.
misc.kids		Children, their behavior and activities.
misc.kids.computer	The use of computers by children.
misc.kids.health	Children's health.
misc.kids.pregnancy	Pre-pregnancy planning, pregnancy, childbirth.
misc.kids.vacation	Discussion on all forms of family-oriented vacationing.
misc.legal.computing	Discussing the legal climate of the computing world.
misc.legal		Legalities and the ethics of law.
misc.legal.moderated	All aspects of law. (Moderated)
misc.metric-system	The International System of Units.
misc.misc		Various discussions not fitting in any other group.
misc.news.internet.discuss	Discussion of news bulletins from the Net.
misc.phone.mobile	Cellular telephones.
misc.phone.mobile.iphone	Apple's iPhone.
misc.rural		Devoted to issues concerning rural living.
misc.survivalism	Disaster and long-term survival techniques and theory.
misc.taxes.moderated	Tax professionals meeting place and answers to queries. (Moderated)
misc.taxes		Tax laws and advice.
misc.test		For testing of network software.  Very boring.
misc.test.moderated	Testing of posting to moderated groups. (Moderated)
misc.transport.air-industry	Airlines, airports, commercial aircraft. (Moderated)
misc.transport.marine	Maritime and inland waterways transportation.
misc.transport.misc	General transportation issues.
misc.transport.rail.americas	Railroads & railways in North & South America.
misc.transport.rail.australia-nz	Railways in Australia & New Zealand.
misc.transport.rail.europe	Railroads & railways in all of Europe.
misc.transport.rail.misc	Rail issues not in other geographic groups.
misc.transport.road	Road and highway transportation.
misc.transport.trucking	Commercial trucking related issues.
misc.transport.urban-transit	Metropolitan public transportation systems.
misc.wanted		Requests for things that are needed (NOT software).
misc.writing		Discussion of writing in all of its forms.
misc.writing.moderated	Art, craft, business and creative process of writing. (Moderated)
misc.writing.screenplays	Aspects of writing and selling screenplays.
misc.writing.screenplays.moderated	Craft/business of screenwriting. (Moderated)
news.admin.announce	Announcements for news administrators. (Moderated)
news.admin.censorship	Censorship issues in news administration.
news.admin.hierarchies	Network news hierarchies.
news.admin.misc		General topics of network news administration.
news.admin.moderation	Technical and social issues of newsgroup moderation. (Moderated)
news.admin.net-abuse.email	Discussion of abuse of email systems.
news.admin.net-abuse.misc	Network facility abuse, including spamming.
news.admin.net-abuse.policy	Discussion of net abuse policy. (Moderated)
news.admin.net-abuse.usenet	Discussion of abuse of the Usenet system.
news.admin.peering	Article flow, server peering requests, & offers.
news.admin.technical	Technical aspects of maintaining network news. (Moderated)
news.announce.conferences	Calls for papers and conferences. (Moderated)
news.announce.important	General announcements of interest to all. (Moderated)
news.announce.newgroups	Calls for newgroups & announcements of same. (Moderated)
news.announce.newusers	Explanatory postings for new users. (Moderated)
news.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
news.groups		Discussions and lists of newsgroups.
news.groups.proposals	Development of Big 8 proposals. (Moderated)
news.groups.questions	Where can I find talk about topic X?
news.lists.filters	Notices for automated news filtering systems.
news.lists.misc		News-related statistics and lists. (Moderated)
news.misc		Discussions of USENET itself.
news.newusers.questions	Q & A for new users of Usenet. (Moderated)
news.software.b		Discussion about Usenet B-news-compatible software.
news.software.misc	Usenet-related software other than readers and servers.
news.software.nn	Discussion about the "nn" Usenet news reader package.
news.software.nntp	The Network News Transfer Protocol.
news.software.readers	Discussing software for reading network news (Usenet).
nl.announce		Aankondigingen conferenties, cursussen, enz. (Moderated)
nl.auto			Aankondigingen, modellen, techniek, tips en discussie.
nl.burgerrechten	Informatiemaatschappij en burgerbelangen.
nl.comp.dvd-branden	Over het maken en branden van dvd's.
nl.comp.games		Discussies en aankondigingen over computerspellen.
nl.comp.grafisch	Over grafisch ontwerp en bewerking.
nl.comp.handheld	Over handheld-computers.
nl.comp.hardware	Over hardware in de meest algemene zin.
nl.comp.isdn		Vragen en antwoorden over ISDN.
nl.comp.netwerken.draadloos	Draadloze netwerken en draadloos netwerken.
nl.comp.netwerken	Over computernetwerken.
nl.comp.os.linux.discussie	Alle niet-technische zaken rond Linux.
nl.comp.os.linux.techniek	Voor technische Linuxonderwerpen.
nl.comp.os.ms-windows	Alles wat betrekking heeft op Microsoft Windows.
nl.comp.os.unix		Diverse vragen en antwoorden over Unix.
nl.comp.overig		Discussies over computers etc.
nl.comp.programmeren	Discussies en vragen over programmeren.
nl.comp.software.mailclients	Vragen en discussie over mailclients.
nl.comp.software.newsreaders	Vragen en discussies over newsreaders.
nl.comp.software.office	Office-pakketten: vragen, antwoorden, oplossingen.
nl.comp.sys.mac		Apple Macintosh hardware en software.
nl.comp.virus		Over computervirussen en de bestrijding ervan.
nl.culinair		Voor lekkerbekken en smulpapen!
nl.defensie.marine	Officieuze marinecontact- en -nieuwsgroep.
nl.doe-het-zelf		Over het zelf klussen, repareren & knutselen.
nl.dranken.bier		Het brouwen, proeven en drinken van bier.
nl.dranken.whisky	Alles over whisky en whiskey.
nl.dranken.wijn		Over alle aangename aspecten van wijn.
nl.eeuwig.emma+viola	Over levensgenieters en vrijdenkenden.
nl.eeuwig.september	Baken in een woelige zee van postings.
nl.eeuwig.zonde		Oorspronkelijke postings voor een kritisch publiek.
nl.fiets		Alles wat met de fiets en het fietsen te maken heeft.
nl.fiets.ligfiets	Alles wat met ligfietsen te maken heeft.
nl.filosofie		Discussies, vragen, informatie en aankondigingen.
nl.financieel.bankieren	Voor al uw bankzaken.
nl.financieel.belastingen	Over belastingen, nut, problemen, bezwaren, enz.
nl.financieel.beurs	Over beurszaken in het algemeen.
nl.financieel.verzekeringen	Over alle aspecten verbonden aan verzekeringen.
nl.folklore		Van volksoverlevering tot streekgebruiken.
nl.foto			Kennis, discussie en markt over fotografie.
nl.geschiedenis		Alles over alle geschiedenis.
nl.gezondheid.alternatief-genezen	Over alternatieve geneeswijzen.
nl.gezondheid.medisch	Over gezondheid, ziekte en behandeling.
nl.gezondheid.psychiatrie	Voor lotgenotencontact, nieuws en discussie.
nl.gezondheid.voeding	Alle gezondheidsaspecten van voeding.
nl.handicap		Bespreken van alle aspecten verbonden aan een handicap.
nl.hobby.elektronica	De elektronica als hobby.
nl.hobby.geocaching	Over de buitenactiviteit geocaching.
nl.hobby.puzzels	Tandenknarsers en hersenkrakers.
nl.hobby.spoorwegen	Over (museum)spoorwegen voor hobbyisten en liefhebbers.
nl.hobby.verzamel.algemeen	Verzamelaarsforum.
nl.hobby.verzamel.postzegels	Postzegelverzamelaarsforum.
nl.hobby.video		Over het opnemen, weergeven en bewerken van video.
nl.hobby.vliegers	Alles over vliegers en vliegeren.
nl.huisdier.algemeen	Praat- en discussiegroep voor baasjes en vrouwtjes.
nl.huisdier.kat		Voor liefhebbers en eigenaren van katten.
nl.huishouden.budget	Creatief huishouden met een beperkt budget.
nl.huishouden		Tips en trucs en noviteiten.
nl.hulpdiensten.ambulance	Alles over ambulancehulpverlening.
nl.hulpdiensten.brandweer	Over alles wat met de brandweer te maken heeft.
nl.hulpdiensten.politie	De politie algemeen.
nl.humor		Podium voor alles wat humoristisch is.
nl.internet.algemeen	Discussie over internet in Nederland.
nl.internet.kabel	Over internetten via de kabel.
nl.internet.misbruik	Over misbruik van het internet.
nl.internet.misbruik.rapport	Rapporten over misbruik van het internet. (Moderated)
nl.internet.providers	Over de toegang tot internet.
nl.internet.usenet	Nieuwsgroep over heden, verleden en toekomst van usenet.
nl.internet.welkom	Startpunt voor beginners op internet. (Moderated)
nl.internet.www.ontwerp	Over het ontwerpen van www-pagina's.
nl.internet.www.server-side	Over de serverkant van het WWW.
nl.juridisch		Discussiegroep voor leken en deskundigen.
nl.kunst.cabaret	Door de eeuwen heen met een lach en een traan.
nl.kunst.film		Filmrecensies, aankondigingen, scenario's en discussie.
nl.kunst.literatuur	Met en over literatuur.
nl.kunst.literatuur.podium	Podium voor zelfgeschreven werk.
nl.kunst.sf+fantasy	Science Fiction, Fantasy en Horror.
nl.kunst.strips		Alles wat op strips en cartoons betrekking heeft.
nl.kunst.theater	Alles over theater.
nl.markt.banen		Vraag en aanbod van banen.
nl.markt.elektronica	Elektronicagerelateerde aan-/verkoop, huur, enz.
nl.markt.freelance	Vraag en aanbod van freelance-opdrachten.
nl.markt.muziek		Muziekgerelateerde aan-/verkoop, huur, ruil en handel.
nl.markt.overig		Overige aan-/verkoop, huur, ruil en handel.
nl.markt.wonen		Aan wonen gerelateerde aan-/verkoop/huur/ruil/handel.
nl.media.dvd		Over dvd-titels/apparatuur en ruil, (ver)koop en huur.
nl.media.krant		Discussies over kranten en hun inhoud.
nl.media.radio		Discussies over radio in Nederland.
nl.media.radio.zeezenders	Vrienden van de zeezenders voor onze kusten.
nl.media.satelliet	Discussies over satellietontvangst.
nl.media.tv		Discussies over tv in Nederland.
nl.misc			Algemene discussies.
nl.motorfiets		Discussies over motorfietsen en motorrijden.
nl.muziek		Discussies over muziek.
nl.muziek.instrument.gitaar	Over gitaren en aanverwante snaarinstrumenten.
nl.muziek.instrument.toetsen	Orgels, piano's, (digitale) keyboards, enz.
nl.muziek.jazz		Over alle vormen van jazz, vroeger en nu.
nl.muziek.klassiek	Over klassieke muziek.
nl.muziek.techniek	Muziektechniek, -notatie en -technologie.
nl.naturisme		Alles betreffende het naturisme.
nl.natuur		Alles over de natuur.
nl.newsgroups.announce	Aankondigingen over (bestaande en nieuwe) nieuwsgroepen. (Moderated)
nl.newsgroups.help	Vragen en antwoorden over nieuwsgroepen en usenet.
nl.newsgroups		RFD's en CFV's over nieuwsgroepen in nl.*.
nl.ondernemen		Over ondernemen en het ondernemerschap.
nl.onderwijs.algemeen	Algemene zaken binnen het onderwijs.
nl.onderwijs.open-source	Over werken met open source in het onderwijs.
nl.ouders		Forum waarin ouders over hun kinderen discussieren.
nl.paranormaal		Over het paranormale en het occulte.
nl.politiek		Discussies over de Nederlandse politiek.
nl.radio.amateur	Van alles (en nog wat) over het radioamateurisme.
nl.radio.scanners	Voor scannerluisteraars in het Nederlandse taalgebied.
nl.regio.groningen	Groningen, Stad en Ommeland.
nl.regio.limburg	Over een staatsgrenzenoverschrijdende euregio Limburg.
nl.regio.wadden		Leven op en rond het wad, van Marsdiep tot Graadyb.
nl.reizen		Alles over reizen en wat daarmee samenhangt.
nl.reizen.camper	Alles over campers.
nl.reizen.caravan	Nieuwsgroep voor toercaravan- en vouwwagenliefhebbers.
nl.reizen.openbaar-vervoer	Over reizen met het openbaar vervoer.
nl.reizen.satellietnavigatie	Over praktisch gebruik van satellietnavigatie.
nl.reizen.tent		Het reizen en recreeren met de tent.
nl.religie.boeddhisme	Discussies vanuit en over boeddhisme.
nl.religie		Over religie en geloof.
nl.roze			Discussies over zaken betreffende homoseksualiteit.
nl.scientology		Nieuws en discussies over Scientology.
nl.scouting		Van alles (en nog wat) over scouting.
nl.spiritueel		Over spiritualiteit.
nl.sport.algemeen	Discussies over sport in het algemeen.
nl.sport.autosport	Discussies over alle vormen van autosport.
nl.sport.bridge		Discussies over Nederlandse bridge-zaken.
nl.sport.duiken		Kennis, discussie en markt m.b.t. sportduiken.
nl.sport.overig		Discussies over sporten (nog) zonder eigen nieuwsgroep.
nl.sport.schaatsen	Over de schaatssport.
nl.sport.schaken	De schaaksport en de schaakwereld.
nl.sport.varen		Waterrecreatie op boten en andere vaartuigen.
nl.sport.vissen		Alles over de vissport.
nl.sport.voetbal	Discussies over voetbal.
nl.sport.wielersport	Discussies over wielersport.
nl.sport.wintersport	Over als wintersport omschreven ijs- en sneeuwsporten.
nl.stad.amsterdam	Over de stad Amsterdam en zijn inwoners.
nl.stad.den-haag	Over de stad Den Haag, de regio en de inwoners.
nl.stad.rotterdam	Over Rotterdam en zijn inwoners.
nl.stad.utrecht		Over de stad Utrecht en haar inwoners.
nl.support.adhd+add	Voor mensen met ADHD of ADD en direct betrokkenen.
nl.support.autisme	Over leven met een stoornis in het autistisch spectrum.
nl.support.borderline	Voor mensen met borderline en direct betrokkenen.
nl.support.chronisch-ziek.algemeen	Support voor chronisch zieken.
nl.support.chronisch-ziek.me-cvs-cfs	Voor ME/CVS/CFS-patienten.
nl.support.diabetes	Onderlinge hulp bij suikerziekte.
nl.support.echtscheiding	Emotionele en praktische hulp bij echtscheiding.
nl.support.kanker	Onderlinge hulp bij de ziekte kanker.
nl.support.mantelzorg	Onderlinge hulp voor mantelzorgers.
nl.support.overspannen	Onderlinge hulp bij burnout en overspannenheid.
nl.support.stop-met-roken	Steun voor allen die (willen) stoppen met roken.
nl.support.sysadmin	Waar systeembeheerders hun hart luchten. (Moderated)
nl.support.transseksueel	Over transseksualiteit en geslachtsaanpassing.
nl.support.werkloosheid	Onderlinge steun bij werkloosheid.
nl.support.zelfmoord	Over een zelfgekozen dood.
nl.taal.citaten		Citaten, hun herkomsten en interpretaties.
nl.taal			Discussies over de Nederlandse taal.
nl.taal.engels		De Engelse taal voor Nederlandstaligen.
nl.taal.klassiek	Over Latijn, Grieks en andere klassieke talen.
nl.telecom		Nederlands forum over telecommunicatie.
nl.test			Voor testdoeleinden.
nl.tuinen		Over planten, tuinen en tuinieren.
nl.tuinen.vijver	Bespreken van alle aspecten van vijvers.
nl.uitkeringen		Vraagbaak over de sociale zekerheid.
nl.verkeer		Voor alle verkeersdeelnemers.
nl.vogels		Alles over vogels.
nl.vogels.vogelaar	Voor de vogelskijkende mens.
nl.wandel		Discussies over alles betreffende wandelen.
nl.wetenschap		Over alle vormen van (alledaagse) wetenschap.
nl.wetenschap.skeptisch	Kritisch over parafenomenen en pseudowetenschap.
openwatcom.bugzilla	OpenWatcom Bugzilla
openwatcom.contributors	OpenWatcom Contributors
openwatcom.users.c_cpp	OpenWatcom C/C++ Discussion
openwatcom.users.fortran	OpenWatcom Fortran Discussion
rec.animals.wildlife	Wildlife related discussions/information.
rec.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
rec.antiques.bottles	Antique Bottle Collecting.
rec.antiques		Discussing antiques and vintage items.
rec.antiques.marketplace	Buying/selling/trading antiques.
rec.antiques.radio+phono	Audio devices and materials of yesteryear.
rec.aquaria.freshwater.cichlids	Care and keeping of freshwater cichlids.
rec.aquaria.freshwater.goldfish	Care and keeping of goldfish, koi, carp.
rec.aquaria.freshwater.misc	Freshwater aquaria in general.
rec.aquaria.freshwater.plants	Keeping of freshwater aquarium plants.
rec.aquaria.marine.misc	Marine aquaria in general.
rec.aquaria.marine.reefs	Marine Reef aquaria.
rec.aquaria.marketplace	Aquarium advertising & announcements.
rec.aquaria.misc	Closed System aquaria in general.
rec.aquaria.tech	Aquarium related technology and equipment.
rec.arts.animation	Discussion of various kinds of animation.
rec.arts.anime.creative	Original works by fans, related to anime/manga. (Moderated)
rec.arts.anime.fandom	Important issues concerning Japanese animation fans.
rec.arts.anime.info	Announcements about Japanese animation. (Moderated)
rec.arts.anime.marketplace	Things for sale in the Japanese animation world.
rec.arts.anime.misc	Japanese animation fan discussions.
rec.arts.ascii		ASCII art, info on archives, art, & artists. (Moderated)
rec.arts.bodyart	Tattoos and body decoration discussions.
rec.arts.bonsai		Dwarfish trees and shrubbery.
rec.arts.books		Books of all genres, and the publishing industry.
rec.arts.books.childrens	All aspects of children's literature.
rec.arts.books.hist-fiction	Historical fictions (novels) in general.
rec.arts.books.marketplace	Buying and selling of books.
rec.arts.books.tolkien	The works of J.R.R. Tolkien.
rec.arts.comics.creative	Comics-related original creative writing. (Moderated)
rec.arts.comics.dc.lsh	The Legion of Super-Heroes and related characters.
rec.arts.comics.dc.universe	DC Comics' shared universe and characters.
rec.arts.comics.dc.vertigo	Comics from the Vertigo imprint.
rec.arts.comics.info	Reviews, convention information and other comics news. (Moderated)
rec.arts.comics.marketplace	The exchange of comics and comic related items.
rec.arts.comics.marvel.universe	Marvel Comics' shared universe and characters.
rec.arts.comics.marvel.xbooks	The Mutant Universe of Marvel Comics.
rec.arts.comics.misc	Comic books, graphic novels, sequential art.
rec.arts.comics.reviews	Reviews of comics and comics-related materials. (Moderated)
rec.arts.comics.strips	Discussion of short-form comics.
rec.arts.dance		Any aspects of dance not covered in another newsgroup.
rec.arts.disney.animation	Animated features, cartoons, short subjects.
rec.arts.disney.merchandise	Toys, videos, music, books, art, collectibles.
rec.arts.disney.misc	General topics pertinent to the Disney Company.
rec.arts.disney.parks	Parks, resorts, dining, attractions, vacations.
rec.arts.drwho		Discussion about Dr. Who.
rec.arts.drwho.moderated	Discussion of "Doctor Who". (Moderated)
rec.arts.erotica	Erotic fiction and verse. (Moderated)
rec.arts.fine		Fine arts & artists.
rec.arts.henson+muppets	The Muppets and other Jim Henson works.
rec.arts.horror.marketplace	All horror-related commercial messages.
rec.arts.horror.misc	The horror genre in miscellaneous media.
rec.arts.horror.movies	The horror genre in movies.
rec.arts.horror.tv	The horror genre in television shows.
rec.arts.horror.written	The horror genre in written form.
rec.arts.int-fiction	Discussions about interactive fiction.
rec.arts.manga		All aspects of the Japanese storytelling art form.
rec.arts.marching.band.college	College marching bands.
rec.arts.marching.band.high-school	High school marching bands.
rec.arts.marching.colorguard	Competitive color guard activity.
rec.arts.marching.drumcorps	Drum and bugle corps.
rec.arts.marching.misc	Marching-related performance activities.
rec.arts.marching.percussion	Marching percussion.
rec.arts.misc		Discussions about the arts not in other groups.
rec.arts.movies.current-films	The latest movie releases.
rec.arts.movies.erotica	Aspects of erotic films and videos. (Moderated)
rec.arts.movies.international	Non-American art films.
rec.arts.movies.lists+surveys	Top-N lists and general surveys.
rec.arts.movies.local.indian	Indian movies and the Indian film industry.
rec.arts.movies.misc	General aspects of movies not covered by other groups.
rec.arts.movies.movie-going	Going-to-movies experiences.
rec.arts.movies.past-films	Past movies.
rec.arts.movies.people	People in the movie business.
rec.arts.movies.production	Filmmaking, amateur and professional.
rec.arts.movies.production.sound	Movie, TV & Video sound.
rec.arts.movies.reviews	Reviews of movies. (Moderated)
rec.arts.movies.tech	Technical aspects of movies.
rec.arts.mystery	Mystery and crime books, plays and films.
rec.arts.origami	Ancient Asian Paper Sculpture.
rec.arts.poems		For the posting of poems.
rec.arts.prose		Short works of prose fiction and followup discussion.
rec.arts.puppetry	For discussion of puppets in any form or venue.
rec.arts.sf.announce	Major announcements of the SF world. (Moderated)
rec.arts.sf.composition	The writing and publishing of speculative fiction.
rec.arts.sf.fandom	Discussions of SF fan activities.
rec.arts.sf.marketplace	Personal forsale notices of SF materials.
rec.arts.sf.misc	Science fiction lovers' newsgroup.
rec.arts.sf.movies	Discussing SF motion pictures.
rec.arts.sf.science	Real and speculative aspects of SF science.
rec.arts.sf.starwars.collecting.misc	Discussion of all Star Wars collecting.
rec.arts.sf.starwars.collecting.vintage	Star Wars items made before 1990.
rec.arts.sf.starwars.games	Star Wars games:  RPG, computer, card, etc.
rec.arts.sf.starwars.info	General information pertaining to Star Wars. (Moderated)
rec.arts.sf.starwars.misc	Miscellaneous topics pertaining to Star Wars.
rec.arts.sf.superman	Discussion of Superman in any medium.
rec.arts.sf.tv.babylon5	Babylon 5 creators meet Babylon 5 fans.
rec.arts.sf.tv.babylon5.moderated	Babylon 5 creators meet Babylon 5 fans. (Moderated)
rec.arts.sf.tv		Discussing general television SF.
rec.arts.sf.tv.jericho	A small US town copes after a nationwide nuclear attack.
rec.arts.sf.written	Discussion of written science fiction and fantasy.
rec.arts.sf.written.robert-jordan	Books by author Robert Jordan.
rec.arts.startrek.current	New Star Trek shows, movies and books.
rec.arts.startrek.fandom	Star Trek conventions and memorabilia.
rec.arts.startrek.misc	General discussions of Star Trek.
rec.arts.startrek.tech	Star Trek's depiction of future technologies.
rec.arts.theatre.misc	Miscellaneous topics and issues in theatre.
rec.arts.theatre.musicals	Musical theatre around the world.
rec.arts.theatre.plays	Dramaturgy and discussion of plays.
rec.arts.theatre.stagecraft	Issues in stagecraft and production.
rec.arts.tv.comedy.colbert-report	Stephen Colbert tells it like it is!
rec.arts.tv.comedy.the-office	The Office, both US and UK Version.
rec.arts.tv.dancing	All reality-tv celebrity dance shows.
rec.arts.tv.interactive	Developments in interactive television.
rec.arts.tv.mst3k.announce	Mystery Science Theater 3000 announcements. (Moderated)
rec.arts.tv.mst3k.misc	For fans of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
rec.arts.tv.news.oreilly-factor	Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor.
rec.arts.tv.soaps.abc	Soap operas produced by or for the ABC network.
rec.arts.tv.soaps.cbs	Soap operas produced by or for the CBS network.
rec.arts.tv.soaps.misc	Postings of interest to all soap opera viewers.
rec.arts.tv		The boob tube, its history, and past and current shows.
rec.arts.tv.uk.comedy	Regarding UK-based comedy shows.
rec.arts.tv.uk.coronation-st	Regarding the UK based show Coronation Street.
rec.arts.tv.uk.eastenders	Regarding the UK based show Eastenders.
rec.arts.tv.uk.emmerdale	All about the British soap, Emmerdale.
rec.arts.tv.uk.misc	Miscellaneous topics about UK-based television.
rec.arts.tv.x-factor	Simon Cowell's singing competition talent show.
rec.arts.wobegon	"A Prairie Home Companion" radio show discussion.
rec.audio.car		Discussions of automobile audio systems.
rec.audio.high-end	High-end audio systems. (Moderated)
rec.audio.marketplace	Buying and selling of home audio equipment.
rec.audio.misc		Post about audio here if you can't post anywhere else.
rec.audio.opinion	Everybody's two bits on audio in your home.
rec.audio.pro		Professional audio recording and studio engineering.
rec.audio.tech		Theoretical, factual, and DIY topics in home audio.
rec.audio.tubes		Electronic audio circuits which use vacuum tubes.
rec.autos.4x4		The on and off-road four wheel drive vehicle.
rec.autos.antique	Discussing all aspects of automobiles over 25 years old.
rec.autos.driving	Driving automobiles.
rec.autos.makers.chrysler	Dodge, Plymouth, Jeep, Eagle, etc info/talk.
rec.autos.makers.ford.explorer	1991+ Ford Explorer SUV.
rec.autos.makers.ford.mustang	Ford Mustangs in all their flavours.
rec.autos.makers.honda	Honda automobiles.
rec.autos.makers.jeep+willys	discussions on Jeep and Willys vehicles.
rec.autos.makers.mazda.miata	Mazda MX-5 Miata Forum.
rec.autos.makers.saturn	All about Saturn cars, fans and company.
rec.autos.makers.vw.aircooled	Bug, Bus, Ghia, Squareback, Thing, etc.
rec.autos.makers.vw.watercooled	Golf, Jetta, Corrado, Vanagon, new models, etc.
rec.autos.marketplace	Buy/Sell/Trade automobiles, parts, tools, accessories.
rec.autos.misc		Miscellaneous discussion about automobiles.
rec.autos.rod-n-custom	High performance automobiles.
rec.autos.rotary	Rotary engines & vehicles using them.
rec.autos.simulators	Discussion of automotive simulators.
rec.autos.sport.cart	Championship Auto Racing Teams.
rec.autos.sport.f1	Formula 1 motor racing.
rec.autos.sport.f1.moderated	Discussion of Formula One racing. (Moderated)
rec.autos.sport.indy	Indy Car motor racing.
rec.autos.sport.misc	Organized, legal auto competitions.
rec.autos.sport.nascar.moderated	NASCAR and Stockcar Racing. (Moderated)
rec.autos.sport.nascar	NASCAR and other professional stock car racing.
rec.autos.sport.tech	Technical aspects & technology of auto racing.
rec.autos.tech		Technical aspects of automobiles, et. al.
rec.aviation.aerobatics	Aerobatics and unusual attitude flying.
rec.aviation.balloon	Hot air and gas balloons and airships.
rec.aviation.hang-gliding	Hang-gliding, paragliding, foot-launched flight.
rec.aviation.homebuilt	Selecting, designing, building, and restoring aircraft.
rec.aviation.ifr	Flying under Instrument Flight Rules.
rec.aviation.marketplace	Aviation classifieds.
rec.aviation.military	Military aircraft of the past, present and future.
rec.aviation.military.naval	Discussion of Naval Aviation subjects.
rec.aviation.misc	Miscellaneous topics in aviation.
rec.aviation.owning	Information on owning airplanes.
rec.aviation.piloting	General discussion for aviators.
rec.aviation.powerchutes	Safety and operation of powered parachutes.
rec.aviation.products	Reviews and discussion of products useful to pilots.
rec.aviation.restoration	Forum for debate on aircraft restoration.
rec.aviation.rotorcraft	Helicopters and other rotary wing aircraft.
rec.aviation.simulators	Flight simulation on all levels.
rec.aviation.soaring	All aspects of sailplanes and hang-gliders.
rec.aviation.stories	Anecdotes of flight experiences. (Moderated)
rec.aviation.student	Learning to fly.
rec.aviation.ultralight	Light aircraft in general, all topics.
rec.backcountry		Activities in the Great Outdoors.
rec.bicycles.marketplace	Buying, selling & reviewing items for cycling.
rec.bicycles.misc	General discussion of bicycling.
rec.bicycles.racing	Bicycle racing techniques, rules and results.
rec.bicycles.rides	Discussions of tours and training or commuting routes.
rec.bicycles.soc	Societal issues of bicycling.
rec.bicycles.tech	Cycling product design, construction, maintenance, etc.
rec.birds		Hobbyists interested in bird watching.
rec.boats.building	Boat building, design, restoration, and repair.
rec.boats.cruising	Cruising in boats.
rec.boats.electronics	Electronics, hardware, software on boats.
rec.boats		Hobbyists interested in boating.
rec.boats.marketplace	Boating products for sale and wanted. (Moderated)
rec.boats.paddle	Talk about any boats with oars, paddles, etc.
rec.boats.paddle.touring	Flatwater paddling and touring.
rec.boats.paddle.whitewater	Whitewater paddling.
rec.boats.racing	Boat racing.
rec.boats.racing.power	Speed-based competition of all motorized watercraft.
rec.climbing		Climbing techniques, competition announcements, etc.
rec.collecting.books	Issues related to collecting books of all types.
rec.collecting.cards.discuss	Discussion of sports and non-sports cards.
rec.collecting.cards.non-sports	Non-sports cards.
rec.collecting.coins	Coin, currency, medal, etc. collecting forum.
rec.collecting		Discussion among collectors of many things.
rec.collecting.dolls	Doll and bear collecting and crafting.
rec.collecting.paper-money	Paper money and related collecting.
rec.collecting.phonecards	Info and Marketplace group for phonecards.
rec.collecting.pins	All aspects of collecting and trading pins.
rec.collecting.postal-history	Study of the movement of the mails worldwide.
rec.collecting.sport.baseball	Baseball memorabilia (cards, photos, etc).
rec.collecting.sport.basketball	Basketball memorabilia (cards, photos, etc).
rec.collecting.sport.football	Football memorabilia (cards, photos, etc).
rec.collecting.sport.hockey	Hockey memorabilia (cards, photos, etc).
rec.collecting.sport.misc	Sports memorabilia not in any other group.
rec.collecting.stamps.discuss	Discussion of stamps and philately.
rec.collecting.stamps.marketplace	All philatelic advertising.
rec.collecting.villages	Collectible houses, cottages, villages, and accessories.
rec.crafts.beads	Making, collecting, and using beads.
rec.crafts.brewing	The art of making beers and meads.
rec.crafts.carving	Exchange of information on carving and its techniques.
rec.crafts.distilling	Discussion of distilling alcohol and other substances.
rec.crafts.glass	All aspects of glassworking and glass.
rec.crafts.jewelry	Jewelry making and gemology. (Moderated)
rec.crafts.knots	Discussion on knots, how to tie and where to use them.
rec.crafts.marketplace	Small-scale ads for craft products of all kinds.
rec.crafts.meadmaking	The art and lore of making mead.
rec.crafts.metalworking	All aspects of working with metal.
rec.crafts.misc		Handiwork arts not covered elsewhere.
rec.crafts.polymer-clay	Techniques & resources relating to polymer clay.
rec.crafts.pottery	The ancient art of making clay pots.
rec.crafts.rubberstamps	The rubberstamp craft- tips, supplies, swaps.
rec.crafts.scrapbooks	The art of scrapbooking and its techniques.
rec.crafts.textiles.machine-knit	Discussion of machine knitting.
rec.crafts.textiles.marketplace	Ads for textile products.
rec.crafts.textiles.misc	Fiber and textile crafts not covered elsewhere.
rec.crafts.textiles.needlework	Any form of decorative stitching done by hand.
rec.crafts.textiles.quilting	All about quilts and other quilted items.
rec.crafts.textiles.sewing	Sewing: clothes, furnishings, costumes, etc.
rec.crafts.textiles.yarn	Yarn making & use: spin, dye, knit, weave etc.
rec.crafts.winemaking	The tasteful art of making wine.
rec.crafts.woodturning	Woodturning and turned objects.
rec.drugs.announce	Announcements about drugs and related issues. (Moderated)
rec.drugs.cannabis	The drug cannabis (marijuana).
rec.drugs.chemistry	Chemistry, pharmacology and related issues.
rec.drugs.misc		Stimulants, sedatives, smart drugs, et cetera.
rec.drugs.psychedelic	LSD, Ecstasy, magic mushrooms and the like.
rec.drugs.smart		Smart drugs (nootropics).
rec.equestrian		Discussion of things equestrian.
rec.folk-dancing	Folk dances, dancers, and dancing.
rec.food.baking		Baking and baked goods, e.g. bread, pastries.
rec.food.chocolate	Chocolate.
rec.food.cooking	Food, cooking, cookbooks, and recipes.
rec.food.cuisine.jewish	All matters concerning Jewish cuisine. (Moderated)
rec.food.drink.beer	All things beer.
rec.food.drink.coffee	The making and drinking of coffee.
rec.food.drink.tea	Tea as beverage and culture.
rec.food.drink		Wines and spirits.
rec.food.equipment	Food-related equipment, appliances, utensils.
rec.food.historic	The history of food making arts.
rec.food.marketplace	Buying and selling food-related items.
rec.food.preserving	Preserving foodstuffs, herbs, and medicinals.
rec.food.recipes	Recipes for interesting food and drink. (Moderated)
rec.food.restaurants	Discussion of dining out.
rec.food.sourdough	Making and baking with sourdough.
rec.food.veg.cooking	Vegetarian recipes, cooking, nutrition. (Moderated)
rec.food.veg		Vegetarians.
rec.gambling.blackjack	Analysis of and strategy for blackjack, aka 21.
rec.gambling.craps	Analysis of and strategy for the dice game craps.
rec.gambling.lottery	Strategy and news of lotteries and sweepstakes.
rec.gambling.misc	All other gambling topics including travel.
rec.gambling.other-games	Gambling games not covered elsewhere.
rec.gambling.poker	Analysis and strategy of live poker games.
rec.gambling.racing	Wagering on animal races.
rec.gambling.sports	Wagering on human sporting events.
rec.games.abstract	Perfect information, pure strategy games.
rec.games.backgammon	Discussion of the game of backgammon.
rec.games.board.ce	The Cosmic Encounter board game.
rec.games.board		Discussion and hints on board games.
rec.games.board.marketplace	Trading and selling of board games.
rec.games.bridge	Hobbyists interested in bridge.
rec.games.bridge.okbridge	Okbridge forum.
rec.games.chess.analysis	Analysis of openings/middlegames/endgames.
rec.games.chess.computer	Reports on game servers, databases, software.
rec.games.chess.misc	Forum for news/discussion related to chess.
rec.games.chess.play-by-email	Reports/discussions regarding email chess.
rec.games.chess.politics	News of nat'l/international chess organizations.
rec.games.chinese-chess	Discussion of the game of Chinese chess, Xiangqi.
rec.games.computer.doom.editing	Editing and hacking DOOM-related files.
rec.games.computer.doom.help	DOOM Help Service (new players welcome).
rec.games.computer.doom.misc	Talking about DOOM and id Software.
rec.games.computer.doom.playing	Playing DOOM and user-created levels.
rec.games.computer.everquest	The Online RPG EverQuest.
rec.games.computer.planetarion	The Planetarion Game in general.
rec.games.computer.puzzle	Puzzle-solving computer games.
rec.games.computer.quake.misc	General discussion of Quake.
rec.games.computer.quake.servers	Setup and maintenance of servers.
rec.games.computer.stars	The strategy game "Stars!".
rec.games.computer.ultima.dragons	The Ultima Dragons Internet Chapter.
rec.games.computer.ultima.online	The multi-player game Ultima Online.
rec.games.computer.ultima.series	Forum for fans of the Ultima games.
rec.games.computer.xpilot	About the X11 game XPilot.
rec.games.corewar	The Core War computer challenge.
rec.games.design	Discussion of game design related issues.
rec.games.diplomacy	The conquest game Diplomacy.
rec.games.empire	Discussion and hints about Empire.
rec.games.frp.advocacy	Flames and rebuttals about various role-playing systems.
rec.games.frp.announce	Announcements of happenings in the role-playing world. (Moderated)
rec.games.frp.cyber	Discussions of cyberpunk related roleplaying games.
rec.games.frp.dnd	Fantasy role-playing with TSR's Dungeons and Dragons.
rec.games.frp.gurps	The GURPS role playing game.
rec.games.frp.live-action	Live-action roleplaying games.
rec.games.frp.marketplace	Role-playing game materials wanted and for sale.
rec.games.frp.misc	General discussions of role-playing games.
rec.games.frp.super-heroes	Super-hero role playing games.
rec.games.go		Discussion about Go.
rec.games.int-fiction	All aspects of interactive fiction games.
rec.games.mahjong	Mahjong related discussion and posting.
rec.games.mecha		Giant robot games. (Moderated)
rec.games.miniatures.historical	Historical and modern tabletop wargaming.
rec.games.miniatures.misc	Miniatures and various tabletop wargames.
rec.games.miniatures.warhammer	Wargaming in the Warhammer Universe.
rec.games.misc		Games and computer games.
rec.games.mud.admin	Administrative issues of multiuser dungeons.
rec.games.mud.announce	Informational articles about multiuser dungeons. (Moderated)
rec.games.mud.diku	All about DikuMuds.
rec.games.mud.lp	Discussions of the LPMUD computer role playing game.
rec.games.mud.misc	Various aspects of multiuser computer games.
rec.games.mud.tiny	Discussion about Tiny muds, like MUSH, MUSE and MOO.
rec.games.netrek	Discussion of the X window system game Netrek (XtrekII).
rec.games.pbm		Discussion about Play by Mail games.
rec.games.pinball	Discussing pinball-related issues.
rec.games.playing-cards	Recreational (non-gambling) card playing.
rec.games.roguelike.adom	The computer game ADOM.
rec.games.roguelike.angband	The computer game Angband.
rec.games.roguelike.announce	Major info about rogue-styled games. (Moderated)
rec.games.roguelike.development	Design and programming of Roguelike games.
rec.games.roguelike.misc	Rogue-style dungeon games without other groups.
rec.games.roguelike.moria	The computer game Moria.
rec.games.roguelike.nethack	The computer game Nethack.
rec.games.roguelike.rogue	The computer game Rogue.
rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad	Jyhad trading card game discussions.
rec.games.trading-cards.magic.misc	General "Magic: the Gathering" postings.
rec.games.trading-cards.magic.rules	"Magic: the Gathering" rules Q&A.
rec.games.trading-cards.magic.strategy	"Magic: the Gathering" strategy.
rec.games.trading-cards.marketplace.magic.auctions	Auctions of Magic cards.
rec.games.trading-cards.marketplace.magic.sales	Selling Magic cards.
rec.games.trading-cards.marketplace.misc	Trading trading card stuff.
rec.games.trading-cards.misc	Other trading card game discussions.
rec.games.trivia	Discussion about trivia.
rec.games.vectrex	The Vectrex game system.
rec.games.video.3do	Discussion of 3DO video game systems.
rec.games.video.advocacy	Debate on merits of various video game systems.
rec.games.video.arcade.collecting	Collecting, converting, repairing etc.
rec.games.video.arcade	Discussions about coin-operated video games.
rec.games.video.arcade.marketplace	Commerce and requests for arcade games.
rec.games.video.atari	Discussion of Atari's video game systems.
rec.games.video.classic	Older home video entertainment systems.
rec.games.video.marketplace	Home video game stuff for sale or trade.
rec.games.video.microsoft.xbox360	Microsoft XBox360 console.
rec.games.video.misc	General discussion about home video games.
rec.games.video.nintendo	All Nintendo video game systems and software.
rec.games.video.nintendo.wii	Nintendo Wii gaming console.
rec.games.video.sega	All Sega video game systems and software.
rec.games.video.sony.playstation3	Sony PS3 comsole.
rec.games.video.sony	Sony game hardware and software.
rec.gardens.bamboo	All aspects of bamboo growing and uses.
rec.gardens.ecosystems	Ecosystems and organic gardening. (Moderated)
rec.gardens.edible	Edible gardening topics.
rec.gardens		Gardening, methods and results.
rec.gardens.orchids	Growing, hybridizing, and general care of orchids.
rec.gardens.roses	Gardening information related to roses.
rec.guns		Discussions about firearms. (Moderated)
rec.heraldry		Discussion of coats of arms.
rec.humor.d		Discussions on the content of rec.humor articles.
rec.humor.funny		Jokes that are funny (in the moderator's opinion). (Moderated)
rec.humor.funny.reruns	Reposts of rec.humor.funny archive material. (Moderated)
rec.humor		Jokes and the like.  May be somewhat offensive.
rec.humor.oracle.d	Comments about the USENET Oracle's comments.
rec.humor.oracle	Sagacious advice from the USENET Oracle. (Moderated)
rec.hunting		Discussions about hunting. (Moderated)
rec.juggling		Juggling techniques, equipment and events.
rec.kites		Talk about kites and kiting.
rec.knives		Anything that goes cut or has an edge.
rec.mag.dargon		DargonZine fantasy fiction emag issues and discussion.
rec.mag			Magazine summaries, tables of contents, etc.
rec.martial-arts	Discussion of the various martial art forms.
rec.martial-arts.moderated	Martial-arts in general. (Moderated)
rec.media.players.portable.ipod	Apple's iPod media players.
rec.media.players.portable	Portable media players.
rec.misc		General topics about recreational/participant sports.
rec.models.railroad	Model railroads of all scales.
rec.models.rc.air	Radio-controlled air models.
rec.models.rc.helicopter	Model helicopter flying, construction, and tips.
rec.models.rc.land	Radio-controlled land models.
rec.models.rc.misc	Radio-controlled miscellaneous items.
rec.models.rc.soaring	Building and flying radio controlled gliders.
rec.models.rc.water	Radio-controlled water models.
rec.models.rockets	Model rockets for hobbyists.
rec.models.scale	Construction of models.
rec.motorcycles.dirt	Riding motorcycles and ATVs off-road.
rec.motorcycles.harley	All aspects of Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
rec.motorcycles		Motorcycles and related products and laws.
rec.motorcycles.racing	Discussion of all aspects of racing motorcycles.
rec.motorcycles.tech	Motorcycle Technical Discussion.
rec.motorcycles.victory	Polaris Victory motorcycle rides, tech, resources.
rec.music.a-cappella	Vocal music without instrumental accompaniment.
rec.music.afro-latin	Music with Afro-Latin, African and Latin influences.
rec.music.ambient	Ambient music and artists.
rec.music.arabic	All aspects of the music of the Arab world.
rec.music.artists.amy-grant	All aspects of Amy Grant's career.
rec.music.artists.beach-boys	The Beach Boys' music & the effect they've had.
rec.music.artists.bruce-hornsby	The music of Bruce Hornsby.
rec.music.artists.debbie-gibson	The music of Deborah Gibson.
rec.music.artists.emmylou-harris	Emmylou Harris, her music, her friends.
rec.music.artists.extreme	The band Extreme and members' post-breakup work.
rec.music.artists.kings-x	Gretchen Goes to Usenet.
rec.music.artists.kiss	The rock band KISS and related projects.
rec.music.artists.little-feat	The Little Feat Newsgroup.
rec.music.artists.mariah-carey	Mariah Carey and her music.
rec.music.artists.paul-mccartney	Paul McCartney's music and life.
rec.music.artists.queensryche	The Thinking Mind's Metal Band.
rec.music.artists.reb-st-james	All aspects of Rebecca St. James' career.
rec.music.artists.springsteen	Forum for fans of Bruce Springsteen's music.
rec.music.barbershop	Barbershop quartet and chorus singing.
rec.music.beatles.info	Latest press notes about the Beatles. (Moderated)
rec.music.beatles.moderated	Fab Four analytical & investigative articles. (Moderated)
rec.music.beatles	Postings about the Fab Four & their music.
rec.music.bluenote.blues	The Blues in all forms and all aspects.
rec.music.bluenote	Discussion of jazz, blues, and related types of music.
rec.music.brazilian	All aspects of brazilian music.
rec.music.celtic	Traditional and modern music with a Celtic flavor.
rec.music.christian	Christian music, both contemporary and traditional.
rec.music.classical.contemporary	Contemporary classical music.
rec.music.classical	Discussion about classical music.
rec.music.classical.guitar	Classical music performed on guitar.
rec.music.classical.performing	Performing classical (including early) music.
rec.music.classical.recordings	Classical music on CD, vinyl, cassette, etc.
rec.music.collecting.cd	Compact discs of collector value (NO wanted or forsale).
rec.music.collecting.misc	Memorabilia (NO wanted, forsale, CD or vinyl).
rec.music.collecting.vinyl	Collecting vinyl records (NO wanted or forsale).
rec.music.compose	Creating musical and lyrical works.
rec.music.country.old-time	Southern fiddle/banjo music and beyond.
rec.music.country.western	C&W music, performers, performances, etc.
rec.music.dementia	Discussion of comedy and novelty music.
rec.music.dylan		Discussion of Bob's works & music.
rec.music.early		Discussion of pre-classical European music.
rec.music.experimental	For the discussion of experimental music.
rec.music.filipino	All types and forms of Filipino music.
rec.music.filk		Music genre originated in the sf/fantasy fan community.
rec.music.folk		Folks discussing folk music of various sorts.
rec.music.folk.tablature	Folk Music Tune Discussion and Trade.
rec.music.funky		Funk, soul, rhythm & blues and related.
rec.music.gaffa		Discussion of Kate Bush & other alternative music. (Moderated)
rec.music.gdead		A group for (Grateful) Dead-heads.
rec.music.hip-hop	Hip-Hop music and culture in general.
rec.music.indian.classical	Hindustani and Carnatic Indian classical music.
rec.music.indian.misc	Discussing Indian music in general.
rec.music.industrial	Discussion of all industrial-related music styles.
rec.music.info		News and announcements on musical topics. (Moderated)
rec.music.makers.bagpipe	Music and playing of all types of bagpipes.
rec.music.makers.bands	For musicians who play in groups with others.
rec.music.makers.bass	Upright bass and bass guitar techniques and equipment.
rec.music.makers.bowed-strings	Violin family (current & old) performance.
rec.music.makers.builders	Design, building, repair of musical instruments.
rec.music.makers.chamber-music	All aspects of chamber music.
rec.music.makers.choral	Choral groups and choral music.
rec.music.makers.dulcimer	Dulcimers and related instruments.
rec.music.makers	For performers and their discussions.
rec.music.makers.french-horn	About horn players and playing.
rec.music.makers.guitar.acoustic	Discussion of acoustic guitar playing.
rec.music.makers.guitar	Electric and acoustic guitar techniques and equipment.
rec.music.makers.guitar.jazz	All aspects of jazz guitar.
rec.music.makers.guitar.tablature	Guitar tablature and performance. (Moderated)
rec.music.makers.jazz	Discussion by and for musicians on the making of jazz.
rec.music.makers.marketplace	Buying & selling used music-making equipment.
rec.music.makers.percussion	Drum & other percussion techniques & equipment.
rec.music.makers.percussion.hand-drum	All aspects of hand drumming.
rec.music.makers.piano	Piano music, performing, composing, learning, styles.
rec.music.makers.saxophone	All aspects of the saxophone and its music.
rec.music.makers.songwriting	All about songwriting.
rec.music.makers.squeezebox	Accordions, concertinas, and related free reeds.
rec.music.makers.synth	Synthesizers and computer music.
rec.music.makers.trumpet	The exchange of trumpet related information.
rec.music.marketplace.cd	Buying and selling collectible compact discs.
rec.music.marketplace.misc	Buying and selling non-vinyl/CD music.
rec.music.marketplace.vinyl	Buying and selling collectible vinyl records.
rec.music.misc		Music lovers' group.
rec.music.movies	Music for movies and television.
rec.music.newage	"New Age" music discussions.
rec.music.opera		All aspects of opera.
rec.music.phish		Discussing the musical group Phish.
rec.music.progressive	Symphonic rock, art rock, fusion, Canterbury, RIO, etc.
rec.music.promotional	Information and promo materials from record companies. (Moderated)
rec.music.ragtime	Ragtime and related music styles.
rec.music.reggae	Roots, Rockers, Dancehall Reggae.
rec.music.rem		The musical group R.E.M.
rec.music.reviews	Reviews of music of all genres and mediums. (Moderated)
rec.music.rock-pop-r+b.1950s	1950s Rock, Pop, and Rhythm & Blues music.
rec.music.rock-pop-r+b.1960s	1960s Rock, Pop, and Rhythm & Blues music.
rec.music.rock-pop-r+b.1970s	1970s Rock, Pop, Soul, and Rhythm & Blues music.
rec.music.theory	A forum for discussion of music theory.
rec.music.tori-amos	Discussion of the female singer/songwriter Tori Amos.
rec.music.video		Discussion of music videos and music video software.
rec.nude		Hobbyists interested in naturist/nudist activities.
rec.org.mensa		Talking with members of the high IQ society Mensa.
rec.org.sca		Society for Creative Anachronism.
rec.outdoors.camping	General camping, any camping you could do by auto.
rec.outdoors.fishing	All aspects of sport and commercial fishing.
rec.outdoors.fishing.bass	Freshwater bass.
rec.outdoors.fishing.fly	Fly fishing in general.
rec.outdoors.fishing.fly.tying	Issues relating to tying flies for flyfishing.
rec.outdoors.fishing.saltwater	Saltwater fishing, methods, gear, Q&A.
rec.outdoors.marketplace	All business related to the outdoors.
rec.outdoors.national-parks	Activities and politics in national parks.
rec.outdoors.rv-travel	Discussions related to recreational vehicles.
rec.pets.birds.pigeons	Racing Pigeons, Show Pigeons, and related material.
rec.pets.birds		The culture and care of indoor birds.
rec.pets.cats.anecdotes	Stories about our cats.
rec.pets.cats.community	Feline/human conversations and related topics.
rec.pets.cats.health+behav	Feline health and behavior.
rec.pets.cats.misc	General feline topics.
rec.pets.cats.rescue	Discussion of feline rescue organizations and methods.
rec.pets.dogs.activities	Dog events: showing, obedience, agility, etc.
rec.pets.dogs.behavior	Behaviors and problems: housetraining, chewing, etc.
rec.pets.dogs.breeds	Breed specific -- breed traits, finding breeders, etc.
rec.pets.dogs.health	Info about health problems & how to care for dogs.
rec.pets.dogs.info	General information and FAQs posted here. (Moderated)
rec.pets.dogs.misc	All other topics, chat, humor, etc.
rec.pets.dogs.rescue	Information about breed rescue, placing and adopting.
rec.pets.ferrets	Forum on ferret care and husbandry. (Moderated)
rec.pets.herp		Reptiles, amphibians and other exotic vivarium pets.
rec.pets		Pets, pet care, and household animals in general.
rec.photo.darkroom	Developing, printing and other darkroom issues.
rec.photo.digital	Digital cameras, scanners, printers, software, PhotoCD.
rec.photo.digital.point+shoot	Point-and-shoot digital cameras.
rec.photo.digital.rangefinder	Digital rangefinder camera systems.
rec.photo.digital.slr-systems	Digital SLR (single lens reflex) camera systems.
rec.photo.digital.zlr	Digital cameras w/ fixed zoom lenses & manual controls.
rec.photo.equipment.35mm	35mm cameras and lenses.
rec.photo.equipment.aps	Discussion of APS equipment.
rec.photo.equipment.large-format	Large format cameras and lenses.
rec.photo.equipment.medium-format	Medium format cameras and lenses.
rec.photo.equipment.misc	Other formats, tripods, projectors, bags etc.
rec.photo.film+labs	Film and commercial photofinishing.
rec.photo.marketplace.35mm	Trading 35mm equipment.
rec.photo.marketplace.darkroom	Trading darkroom equipment & supplies.
rec.photo.marketplace.digital	Trading digital photographic equipment.
rec.photo.marketplace.large-format	Trading large-format equipment.
rec.photo.marketplace.medium-format	Trading medium-format equipment.
rec.photo.marketplace	Trading of personal photographic equipment.
rec.photo.misc		General issues related to photography.
rec.photo.moderated	The art and science of photography. (Moderated)
rec.photo.technique.art	Issues of fine art, framing, display.
rec.photo.technique.misc	Other non-equipment posts about technique.
rec.photo.technique.nature	Wildlife, landscapes, travel tips etc.
rec.photo.technique.people	Portraits, figure studies, weddings etc.
rec.ponds.moderated	Care & enjoyment of recreational pods & water gardens. (Moderated)
rec.ponds		Pond issues:  plants, fish, design, maintenance.
rec.puzzles.crosswords	Making and playing gridded word puzzles.
rec.puzzles		Puzzles, problems, and quizzes.
rec.pyrotechnics	Fireworks, rocketry, safety, & other topics.
rec.radio.amateur.antenna	Antennas: theory, techniques and construction.
rec.radio.amateur.boatanchors	Vacuum tube-based amateur radio equipment.
rec.radio.amateur.digital.misc	Packet radio and other digital radio modes.
rec.radio.amateur.dx	Discussion, tips, notices and news for DXers.
rec.radio.amateur.equipment	All about production amateur radio hardware.
rec.radio.amateur.homebrew	Amateur radio construction and experimentation.
rec.radio.amateur.misc	Amateur radio practices, contests, events, rules, etc.
rec.radio.amateur.moderated	Amateur radio practices, rules, etc. (Moderated)
rec.radio.amateur.policy	Radio use & regulation policy.
rec.radio.amateur.space	Amateur radio transmissions through space.
rec.radio.broadcasting	Discussion of global domestic broadcast radio. (Moderated)
rec.radio.cb		Citizen-band radio.
rec.radio.info		Informational postings related to radio. (Moderated)
rec.radio.noncomm	Topics relating to noncommercial radio.
rec.radio.scanner	"Utility" broadcasting traffic above 30 MHz.
rec.radio.shortwave	Shortwave radio enthusiasts.
rec.radio.swap		Offers to trade and swap radio equipment.
rec.roller-coaster	Roller coasters and other amusement park rides.
rec.running		Running for enjoyment, sport, exercise, etc.
rec.scouting.issues	Issues related to scouting policy.
rec.scouting.misc	General and international guiding and scouting topics.
rec.scouting.usa	USA specific scouting and guiding topics.
rec.scuba.equipment	Scuba equipment, purchase, pros/cons, use.
rec.scuba		Hobbyists interested in SCUBA diving.
rec.scuba.locations	Scuba travel, location questions.
rec.skiing.alpine	Downhill skiing technique, equipment, etc.
rec.skiing.alpine.moderated	Alpine (downhill) skiing. (Moderated)
rec.skiing.announce	FAQ, competition results, automated snow reports. (Moderated)
rec.skiing.backcountry	Backcountry skiing.
rec.skiing.marketplace	Items for sale/wanted.
rec.skiing.nordic	Cross-country skiing technique, equipment, etc.
rec.skiing.resorts.europe	Skiing in Europe.
rec.skiing.resorts.misc	Skiing in other than Europe and North America.
rec.skiing.resorts.north-america	Skiing in North America.
rec.skiing.snowboard	Snowboarding technique, equipment, etc.
rec.skydiving		Hobbyists interested in skydiving.
rec.sport.archery	All aspects of archery for archers of any skill level.
rec.sport.baseball.college	Baseball on the collegiate level.
rec.sport.baseball.data	Raw baseball data (Stats, birthdays, scheds).
rec.sport.baseball	Discussion about baseball.
rec.sport.baseball.fantasy	Rotisserie (fantasy) baseball play.
rec.sport.basketball.college	Hoops on the collegiate level.
rec.sport.basketball.europe	A European basketball forum.
rec.sport.basketball.misc	Discussion about basketball.
rec.sport.basketball.pro	Talk of professional basketball.
rec.sport.billiard	Billiard sports, including pool, snooker, carom games.
rec.sport.boxing	Boxing in all its pugilistic facets and forms.
rec.sport.cricket	Discussion about the sport of cricket.
rec.sport.curling	All aspects of the Sport Curling.
rec.sport.disc		Discussion of flying disc based sports.
rec.sport.fencing	All aspects of swordplay.
rec.sport.football.australian	Discussion of Australian (Rules) Football.
rec.sport.football.canadian	All about Canadian rules football.
rec.sport.football.college	US-style college football.
rec.sport.football.fantasy	Rotisserie (fantasy) football play.
rec.sport.football.misc	Discussion about American-style football.
rec.sport.football.pro	US-style professional football.
rec.sport.golf		Discussion about all aspects of golfing.
rec.sport.hockey	Discussion about ice hockey.
rec.sport.hockey.field	Discussion of the sport of field hockey.
rec.sport.jetski	Using Personal Water Craft, aka "jet skiing".
rec.sport.misc		Spectator sports.
rec.sport.officiating	Sports officials and officiating athletic contests.
rec.sport.olympics	All aspects of the Olympic Games.
rec.sport.paintball	Discussing all aspects of the survival game paintball.
rec.sport.pro-wrestling	Discussion about professional wrestling.
rec.sport.pro-wrestling.fantasy	Rotisserie league professional wrestling.
rec.sport.pro-wrestling.info	Informational postings about wrestling. (Moderated)
rec.sport.pro-wrestling.moderated	Sports Entertainment. (Moderated)
rec.sport.rodeo		Anything dealing with the sport of rodeo.
rec.sport.rowing	Crew for competition or fitness.
rec.sport.rugby.league	Everything related to playing/supporting Rugby League.
rec.sport.rugby.union	Everything related to playing/supporting Rugby Union.
rec.sport.skating.ice.figure	Figure/artistic skating.
rec.sport.skating.ice.recreational	Recreational ice skating.
rec.sport.skating.inline	Inline skating, aka Rollerblading.
rec.sport.skating.misc	Miscellaneous skating topics.
rec.sport.skating.racing	Racing and speed skating.
rec.sport.snowmobiles	Snowmobiling and related issues.
rec.sport.soccer	Discussion about soccer (Association Football).
rec.sport.softball	All aspects of fastpitch and slowpitch softball.
rec.sport.squash	Forum for all apects of squash.
rec.sport.sumo		This group is dedicated to the Japanese sport Sumo.
rec.sport.swimming	Training for and competing in swimming events.
rec.sport.table-soccer	Table-soccer of all types: foosball and subbuteo.
rec.sport.table-tennis	Things related to table tennis (aka Ping Pong).
rec.sport.tennis	Things related to the sport of tennis.
rec.sport.triathlon	Discussing all aspects of multi-event sports.
rec.sport.unicycling	All sorts of fun on one wheel.
rec.sport.volleyball	Discussion about volleyball.
rec.sport.water-polo	Discussion of water polo.
rec.sport.waterski	Waterskiing and other boat-towed activities.
rec.toys.action-figures.discuss	Discussion of action figure toys.
rec.toys.action-figures.marketplace	Buying, selling, trading and auctions.
rec.toys.cars		Toy car collecting.
rec.toys.lego		Discussion of Lego, Duplo (and compatible) toys.
rec.toys.misc		Discussion of toys that lack a specific newsgroup.
rec.toys.transformers.marketplace	Buy/sell/trade/auctioning Transformers.
rec.toys.vintage	Toys older than 20 years valued as historic/memorabilia.
rec.travel.africa	Travel on the African continent.
rec.travel.air		Airline travel around the world.
rec.travel.asia		Travel in Asia.
rec.travel.australia+nz	Travel Information for Australia and New Zealand.
rec.travel.budget.backpack	Backpack travel discussion group.
rec.travel.caribbean	Travel to the islands of the Caribbean, sans pirates.
rec.travel.cruises	Travel by cruise ship.
rec.travel.europe	Travel in Europe.
rec.travel.latin-america	Travel in Central and South America.
rec.travel.marketplace	Tickets and accomodations wanted and for sale.
rec.travel.misc		Everything and anything about travel.
rec.travel.usa-canada	Travel in the United States and Canada.
rec.video.cable-tv	Technical and regulatory issues of cable television.
rec.video.desktop	Amateur, computer-based video editing and production.
rec.video.desktop.toaster	The Video Toaster and Flyer systems.
rec.video.dvd.marketplace	DVD-Video forsale/wanted posts.
rec.video.dvd.misc	DVD-Video miscellaneous issues.
rec.video.dvd.players	DVD-Video players and other hardware.
rec.video.dvd.tech	DVD-Video in-depth technical issues.
rec.video.dvd.titles	DVD-Video titles and other software.
rec.video.marketplace	Video equipment marketplace.
rec.video.production	Making professional quality video productions.
rec.video.releases	Pre-recorded video releases on laserdisc and videotape.
rec.video.satellite.dbs	DBS systems and technologies.
rec.video.satellite.europe	European satellite broadcasting.
rec.video.satellite.misc	Non-TVRO and non-DBS satellite information.
rec.video.satellite.tvro	"Large Dish" ("BUD") systems and technologies.
rec.video		Video and video components.
rec.windsurfing		Riding the waves as a hobby.
rec.woodworking		Hobbyists interested in woodworking.
sci.aeronautics		The science of aeronautics & related technology. (Moderated)
sci.agriculture.beekeeping	Beekeeping, bee-culture and hive products.
sci.agriculture		Farming, agriculture and related topics.
sci.agriculture.fruit	Agricultural techniques for fruit, berries & nuts.
sci.agriculture.poultry	Chickens, ducks, geese, and other poultry.
sci.agriculture.ratites	Ostrich, emu, rhea, or cassowary ranching.
sci.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
sci.anthropology	All aspects of studying humankind.
sci.anthropology.paleo	Evolution of man and other primates.
sci.archaeology.mesoamerican	The field of mesoamerican archaeology.
sci.archaeology.moderated	All aspects of archaeology. (Moderated)
sci.archaeology		Studying antiquities of the world.
sci.astro.amateur	Amateur astronomy equipment, techniques, info, etc.
sci.astro		Astronomy discussions and information.
sci.astro.ccd-imaging	Astronomical digital image capture and processing.
sci.astro.fits		Issues related to the Flexible Image Transport System.
sci.astro.hubble	Processing Hubble Space Telescope data. (Moderated)
sci.astro.planetarium	Discussion of planetariums.
sci.astro.research	Forum in astronomy/astrophysics research. (Moderated)
sci.astro.satellites.visual-observe	Visually observing artificial satellite.
sci.astro.seti		The Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence.
sci.bio.botany		The scientific study of plants.
sci.bio.ecology		Ecological research.
sci.bio.entomology.homoptera	Research on homopteran (sap-sucking) insects.
sci.bio.entomology.lepidoptera	Lepidoptera: butterflies & moths.
sci.bio.entomology.misc	General insect study and related issues.
sci.bio.ethology	Animal behavior and behavioral ecology.
sci.bio.evolution	Discussions of evolutionary biology. (Moderated)
sci.bio.fisheries	All aspects of fisheries science and fish biology.
sci.bio.food-science	Topics related to food science and technology.
sci.bio.herp		Biology of amphibians and reptiles.
sci.bio.immunocytochem	Immuno-labelling of biological material.
sci.bio.microbiology	Protists, fungi, algae, other microscopic organisms.
sci.bio.misc		Biology and related sciences.
sci.bio.paleontology	Life of the past (but no creation vs evolution!).
sci.bio.phytopathology	All aspects of plant diseases and pests. (Moderated)
sci.bio.systematics	Systematics, taxonomy, and the tree of life.
sci.bio.technology	Any topic relating to biotechnology.
sci.chem.analytical	Analytical chemistry.
sci.chem		Chemistry and related sciences.
sci.chem.coatings	Paints and Coatings practitioners.
sci.chem.electrochem.battery	Analyzing all aspects of all types of batteries.
sci.chem.electrochem	The field of electrochemistry.
sci.chem.labware	Chemical laboratory equipment.
sci.chem.organic.synthesis	Synthetic organic chemistry related topics. (Moderated)
sci.chem.organomet	Organometallic chemistry.
sci.cognitive		Perception, memory, judgement and reasoning.
sci.comp-aided		The use of computers as tools in scientific research.
sci.cryonics		Theory and practice of biostasis, suspended animation.
sci.crypt		Different methods of data en/decryption.
sci.crypt.random-numbers	Generating cryptographic strength randomness.
sci.crypt.research	Cryptography, cryptanalysis, and related issues. (Moderated)
sci.data.formats	Modelling, storage and retrieval of scientific data.
sci.econ.research	Research in all fields of economics. (Moderated)
sci.econ		The science of economics.
sci.edu			The science of education.
sci.electronics.basics	Elementary questions about electronics.
sci.electronics.cad	Schematic drafting, printed circuit layout, simulation.
sci.electronics.components	Integrated circuits, resistors, capacitors.
sci.electronics.design	Electronic circuit design.
sci.electronics.equipment	Test, lab, & industrial electronic products.
sci.electronics.misc	General discussions of the field of electronics.
sci.electronics.repair	Fixing electronic equipment.
sci.energy		Discussions about energy, science & technology.
sci.energy.hydrogen	All about hydrogen as an alternative fuel.
sci.engr.analysis	All aspects of engineering analysis.
sci.engr.biomed		Discussing the field of biomedical engineering.
sci.engr.chem		All aspects of chemical engineering.
sci.engr.civil		Topics related to civil engineering.
sci.engr.color		The art, science, and industry of coloring.
sci.engr.control	The engineering of control systems.
sci.engr.electrical.compliance	Laws, regulations and design for EMC, safety.
sci.engr.electrical.sys-protection	Power system protection.
sci.engr.geomechanics	Geomechanics issues and related topics.
sci.engr.heat-vent-ac	Heating, ventilating, air conditioning & refrigeration.
sci.engr.joining.misc	Joining of materials for manufacture & repair.
sci.engr.joining.welding	Welding of materials for manufacture & repair.
sci.engr.lighting	Light, vision & color in architecture, media, etc.
sci.engr.manufacturing	Manufacturing technology.
sci.engr.mech		The field of mechanical engineering.
sci.engr.metallurgy	Metallurgical Engineering.
sci.engr.micromachining	Devices enabled by micromachined structures.
sci.engr.mining		Mining engineering and mining technical topics.
sci.engr.radar+sonar	Radar & sonar systems.
sci.engr.safety		All aspects of the safety of engineered systems.
sci.engr.semiconductors	Semiconductor devices, processes, materials, physics.
sci.engr.surveying	Measurement and mapping of the earth surface.
sci.engr		Technical discussions about engineering tasks.
sci.engr.television.advanced	HDTV/DATV standards, equipment, practices, etc.
sci.engr.television.broadcast	Broadcast facility equipment and practices.
sci.environment		Discussions about the environment and ecology.
sci.environment.waste	Impact of Wastes and Waste Management Methods.
sci.fractals		Objects of non-integral dimension and other chaos.
sci.geo.cartography	Maps, grids, coordinates, projections, datums.
sci.geo.earthquakes	For discussion of earthquakes and related matters.
sci.geo.eos		NASA's Earth Observation System (EOS).
sci.geo.fluids		Discussion of geophysical fluid dynamics.
sci.geo.geology		Discussion of solid earth sciences.
sci.geo.hydrology	Surface and groundwater hydrology.
sci.geo.meteorology	Discussion of meteorology and related topics.
sci.geo.mineralogy	Mineralogy, rock hounding and related topics.
sci.geo.oceanography	Oceanography, oceanology and marine science.
sci.geo.petroleum	All aspects of petroleum and the petroleum industry.
sci.geo.rivers+lakes	Science of rivers and lakes.
sci.geo.satellite-nav	Satellite navigation systems, especially GPS.
sci.image.processing	Scientific image processing and analysis.
sci.lang.japan		The Japanese language, both spoken and written.
sci.lang		Natural languages, communication, etc.
sci.lang.translation.marketplace	Professional translators' marketplace.
sci.lang.translation	Problems and concerns of translators/interpreters.
sci.life-extension	Slowing, stopping or reversing the ageing process.
sci.logic		Logic -- math, philosophy & computational aspects.
sci.materials		All aspects of materials engineering.
sci.materials.ceramics	Ceramic science.
sci.math		Mathematical discussions and pursuits.
sci.math.num-analysis	Numerical Analysis.
sci.math.research	Discussion of current mathematical research. (Moderated)
sci.math.symbolic	Symbolic algebra discussion.
sci.mech.fluids		All aspects of fluid mechanics.
sci.med.cannabis	Discussion of medical cannabis.
sci.med.cardiology	All aspects of cardiovascular diseases.
sci.med.dentistry	Dentally related topics; all about teeth.
sci.med.diseases.als	Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis research and care.
sci.med.diseases.cancer	Diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of cancer.
sci.med.diseases.hepatitis	Hepatitis diseases.
sci.med.diseases.lyme	Lyme Disease: patient support, research & information.
sci.med.diseases.osteoporosis	Osteoporosis information exhange.
sci.med.immunology	Medical/scientific aspects of immune illness.
sci.med.informatics	Computer applications in medical care.
sci.med.laboratory	All aspects of laboratory medicine and management.
sci.med			Medicine and its related products and regulations.
sci.med.nursing		Nursing questions and discussion.
sci.med.nutrition	Physiological impacts of diet.
sci.med.orthopedics	Orthopedic Surgery, related issues and management. (Moderated)
sci.med.pathology	Pathology and laboratory medicine.
sci.med.pharmacy	The teaching and practice of pharmacy.
sci.med.physics		Issues of physics in medical testing/care.
sci.med.prostate.bph	Benign prostatic hypertrophy.
sci.med.prostate.cancer	Prostate cancer.
sci.med.prostate.prostatitis	Prostatitis.
sci.med.psychobiology	Dialog and news in psychiatry and psychobiology.
sci.med.radiology	All aspects of radiology.
sci.med.radiology.interventional	Vascular and interventional radiology.
sci.med.telemedicine	Hospital/physician networks. No diagnosis questions.
sci.med.transcription	Information for and about medical transcriptionists.
sci.med.vision		Human vision, visual correction, and visual science.
sci.military.moderated	Military technology. (Moderated)
sci.military.naval	Navies of the world, past, present and future.
sci.misc		Short-lived discussions on subjects in the sciences.
sci.nanotech		Self-reproducing molecular-scale machines. (Moderated)
sci.nonlinear		Chaotic systems and other nonlinear scientific study.
sci.op-research		Research, teaching & application of operations research.
sci.optics		Discussion relating to the science of optics.
sci.optics.fiber	Fiber optic components, systems, applications.
sci.philosophy.meta	Discussions within the scope of "MetaPhilosophy."
sci.philosophy.tech	Technical philosophy: math, science, logic, etc.
sci.physics.accelerators	Particle accelerators and the physics of beams.
sci.physics.acoustics	Topics in acoustics and vibrations.
sci.physics.computational.fluid-dynamics	Computational fluid dynamics.
sci.physics.cond-matter	Condensed matter physics, theory and experiment.
sci.physics.electromag	Electromagnetic theory and applications.
sci.physics.foundations	Fundamental and philosophical physics. (Moderated)
sci.physics.fusion	Info on fusion, esp. "cold" fusion.
sci.physics.particle	Particle physics discussions.
sci.physics		Physical laws, properties, etc.
sci.physics.plasma	Plasma Science & Technology community exchange. (Moderated)
sci.physics.relativity	The theory of relativity.
sci.physics.research	Current physics research. (Moderated)
sci.physics.strings	String theory and related fields. (Moderated)
sci.polymers		All aspects of polymer science.
sci.psychology.announce	Psychology-related announcements. (Moderated)
sci.psychology.misc	General discussion of psychology.
sci.psychology.personality	All personality systems & measurement.
sci.psychology.psychotherapy	Practice of psychotherapy.
sci.psychology.research	Research issues in psychology. (Moderated)
sci.psychology.theory	Theories of psychology & behavior.
sci.research.careers	Issues relevant to careers in scientific research.
sci.research.postdoc	Anything about postdoctoral studies, including offers.
sci.research		Research methods, funding, ethics, and whatever.
sci.skeptic		Skeptics discussing pseudo-science.
sci.space.history	Historical manned and unmanned space flight programs.
sci.space.moderated	Discussions about space related topics. (Moderated)
sci.space.news		Announcements of space-related news items. (Moderated)
sci.space.policy	Discussions about space policy.
sci.space.science	Space and planetary science and related technical work. (Moderated)
sci.space.shuttle	The space shuttle and the STS program.
sci.space.station	Space stations and orbiting platforms.
sci.space.tech		Technical and general issues related to space flight. (Moderated)
sci.stat.consult	Statistical consulting.
sci.stat.edu		Statistics education.
sci.stat.math		Statistics from a strictly mathematical viewpoint.
sci.systems		The theory and application of systems science.
sci.techniques.mag-resonance	Magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy.
sci.techniques.microscopy	The field of microscopy.
sci.techniques.spectroscopy	Spectrum analysis.
sci.techniques.testing.misc	General testing techniques in science.
sci.techniques.testing.nondestructive	Nondestructive tests in science.
sci.techniques.xtallography	The field of crystallography.
soc.adoption.adoptees	Discussion of adoption by adoptees. (Moderated)
soc.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
soc.atheism		Living as an atheist and atheism in society. (Moderated)
soc.bi			Discussions of bisexuality.
soc.college.admissions	The university admissions process.
soc.college		College, college activities, campus life, etc.
soc.college.financial-aid	Financial aid issues, college and beyond.
soc.college.grad	General issues related to graduate schools.
soc.college.gradinfo	Information about graduate schools.
soc.college.org.aiesec	The Int'l Assoc. of Business and Commerce Students.
soc.couples		Discussions for couples (cf. soc.singles).
soc.couples.intercultural	Inter-cultural and inter-racial relationships.
soc.couples.wedding	Wedding planning.
soc.culture.afghanistan	Discussion of the Afghan society.
soc.culture.african.american	Discussions about Afro-American issues.
soc.culture.african.american.moderated	African-American perspectives. (Moderated)
soc.culture.african	Discussions about Africa & things African.
soc.culture.albanian	Albania and Albanians around the world.
soc.culture.algeria	From A to Z about Algeria.
soc.culture.arabic	Technological & cultural issues, *not* politics.
soc.culture.argentina	All about life in Argentina.
soc.culture.asean	Countries of the Assoc. of SE Asian Nations.
soc.culture.asian.american	Issues & discussion about Asian-Americans.
soc.culture.assyrian	Assyrian culture, history, language, current diaspora.
soc.culture.asturies	Asturian culture.
soc.culture.australian	Australian culture and society.
soc.culture.austria	Austria and its people.
soc.culture.baltics	People of the Baltic states.
soc.culture.bangladesh	Issues & discussion about Bangladesh.
soc.culture.basque	Basque culture and related issues. (Moderated)
soc.culture.belarus	All things about Belarus. (Moderated)
soc.culture.belgium	Belgian society, culture(s) and people.
soc.culture.bengali	Sociocultural identity of worldwide Bengali population.
soc.culture.berber	The berber language, history, and culture.
soc.culture.bolivia	Bolivian people and culture.
soc.culture.bosna-herzgvna	The independent state of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
soc.culture.brazil	Talking about the people and country of Brazil.
soc.culture.breton	All about Breton culture and Brittany.
soc.culture.british	Issues about Britain & those of British descent.
soc.culture.bulgaria	Discussing Bulgarian society.
soc.culture.burma	Politics, culture, news, discussion about Burma.
soc.culture.cambodia	Cambodia and its people.
soc.culture.canada	Discussions of Canada and its people.
soc.culture.caribbean	Life in the Caribbean.
soc.culture.catalan	The Catalan language and the lands where it is spoken.
soc.culture.celtic	Irish, Scottish, Breton, Cornish, Manx & Welsh.
soc.culture.chile	All about Chile and its people.
soc.culture.china	About China and Chinese culture.
soc.culture.colombia	Colombian talk, social, politics, science.
soc.culture.cornish	All things Cornish and Cornwall, worldwide.
soc.culture.costa-rica	Topics about Costa Rica.
soc.culture.croatia	The lives of people of Croatia.
soc.culture.cuba	Cuban culture, society and politics.
soc.culture.czecho-slovak	Bohemian, Slovak, Moravian and Silesian life.
soc.culture.dominican-rep	The life and people of the Dominican Republic.
soc.culture.ecuador	The culture and people of Ecuador.
soc.culture.egyptian	Egypt, and its society, culture, heritage, etc.
soc.culture.el-salvador	Topics about El Salvador, Central America.
soc.culture.esperanto	The neutral international language Esperanto.
soc.culture.ethiopia.misc	Unmoderated forum to discuss Ethiopian culture.
soc.culture.europe	Discussing all aspects of all-European society.
soc.culture.filipino	Group about the Filipino culture.
soc.culture.french	French culture, history, and related discussions.
soc.culture.galiza	Galicia, on the Iberian Peninsula.
soc.culture.german	Discussions about German culture and history.
soc.culture.greek	Group about Greeks.
soc.culture.guinea-conakry	Guinea (ne French Guinea, in West Africa).
soc.culture.haiti	Haiti specific development and cultural issues.
soc.culture.hawaii	Aloha kakou, E KOMO MAI! Eh, no forget hemo da shoes. (Moderated)
soc.culture.hmong	Discussion of Hmong people and its culture.
soc.culture.honduras	General topics regarding Honduras and Central-America.
soc.culture.hongkong	Discussions pertaining to Hong Kong.
soc.culture.hongkong.entertainment	Entertainment in Hong Kong.
soc.culture.indian.delhi	Information related to Delhi, capital of India.
soc.culture.indian.goa	About Goa, India's smallest state. (Moderated)
soc.culture.indian	Group for discussion about India & things Indian.
soc.culture.indian.gujarati	Gujarati cultural group.
soc.culture.indian.jammu-kashmir	The culture of Jammu & Kashmir.
soc.culture.indian.karnataka	Karnataka's culture, history, and present.
soc.culture.indian.kerala	Culture of the people of Keralite origin.
soc.culture.indian.marathi	Discussion related to Marathi Culture.
soc.culture.indonesia	All about the Indonesian nation.
soc.culture.intercultural	People of mixed "culture", "ethnicity", "race".
soc.culture.iranian	Discussions about Iran and things Iranian/Persian.
soc.culture.iraq	Iraq, its society, culture and heritage.
soc.culture.irish	Ireland and Irish culture.
soc.culture.israel	Israel and Israelis.
soc.culture.italian	The Italian people and their culture.
soc.culture.japan	Everything Japanese, except the Japanese language.
soc.culture.japan.moderated	Anything Japanese. (Moderated)
soc.culture.jewish	Jewish culture & religion (cf. talk.politics.mideast).
soc.culture.jewish.moderated	Discussion of Jewish culture and religion. (Moderated)
soc.culture.jewish.parenting	Issues about raising Jewish children. (Moderated)
soc.culture.jordan	All topics concerning The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
soc.culture.kenya	Kenyan peoples, politics, culture, and affairs.
soc.culture.korean	Discussions about Korea & things Korean.
soc.culture.kurdish	People from Kurdistan and Kurds around the world.
soc.culture.kuwait	Kuwaiti culture, society, and history.
soc.culture.kuwait.moderated	Kuwaiti culture, society, and history. (Moderated)
soc.culture.laos	Cultural and Social Aspects of Laos.
soc.culture.latin-america	Topics about Latin-America.
soc.culture.lebanon	Discussion about things Lebanese.
soc.culture.liberia	The culture of Liberia.
soc.culture.maghreb	North African society and culture.
soc.culture.magyar	The Hungarian people & their culture.
soc.culture.malagasy	Madagascar and the Malagasy culture.
soc.culture.malaysia	All about Malaysian society.
soc.culture.mexican.american	Mexican-American/Chicano culture and issues.
soc.culture.mexican	Discussion of Mexico's society.
soc.culture.misc	Group for discussion about other cultures.
soc.culture.mongolian	Everything related to Mongols and Mongolia.
soc.culture.native	Aboriginal people around the world.
soc.culture.nepal	Discussion of people and things in & from Nepal.
soc.culture.netherlands	People from the Netherlands and Belgium.
soc.culture.new-zealand	Discussion of topics related to New Zealand.
soc.culture.nicaragua	Topics related to the country of Nicaragua in general.
soc.culture.nigeria	Nigerian affairs, society, cultures, and peoples.
soc.culture.nordic	Discussion about culture up north.
soc.culture.occitan	Speakers of Provencal/Occitan/Langue d'Oc.
soc.culture.pacific-island	Culture of the pacific islands (except Hawaii).
soc.culture.pakistan.politics	Political discussions on Pakistan.
soc.culture.pakistan.religion	Religious discussions related to Pakistan.
soc.culture.pakistan.sports	Sports in Pakistan.
soc.culture.pakistan	Topics of discussion about Pakistan.
soc.culture.palestine	Palestinian people, culture and politics.
soc.culture.peru	All about the people of Peru.
soc.culture.polish	Polish culture, Polish past, and Polish politics.
soc.culture.portuguese	Discussion of the people of Portugal.
soc.culture.puerto-rico	Puerto Rican culture, society and politics.
soc.culture.punjab	Punjab and Punjabi culture.
soc.culture.quebec	Quebec society and culture.
soc.culture.rep-of-georgia	The Caucasian Republic of Georgia and Georgians.
soc.culture.romanian	Discussion of Romanian and Moldavian people.
soc.culture.russian	All things Russian in the broadest sense.
soc.culture.russian.moderated	Moderated discussion of Russian culture. (Moderated)
soc.culture.scientists	Cultural issues about scientists & scientific projects.
soc.culture.scottish	Anything regarding Scotland or things Scots.
soc.culture.sierra-leone	The culture of Sierra Leone.
soc.culture.singapore	The past, present and future of Singapore.
soc.culture.slovenia	Slovenia and Slovenian people.
soc.culture.somalia	Somalian affairs, society, and culture.
soc.culture.south-africa.afrikaans	The Afrikaans language and speakers.
soc.culture.south-africa	South African society, culture, & politics.
soc.culture.soviet	Topics relating to Russian or Soviet culture.
soc.culture.spain	Spain and the Spanish.
soc.culture.sri-lanka	Things & people from Sri Lanka.
soc.culture.swiss	Swiss culture.
soc.culture.syria	Syrian cultural matters and affairs.
soc.culture.taiwan	Discussion about things Taiwanese.
soc.culture.tamil	Tamil language, history and culture.
soc.culture.thai	Thai people and their culture.
soc.culture.turkish	Discussion about things Turkish.
soc.culture.turkish.moderated	Issues related to Turks/Turkey. (Moderated)
soc.culture.ukrainian	The lives and times of the Ukrainian people.
soc.culture.uruguay	Discussions of Uruguay for those at home and abroad.
soc.culture.usa		The culture of the United States of America.
soc.culture.venezuela	Discussion of topics related to Venezuela.
soc.culture.vietnamese	Issues and discussions of Vietnamese culture.
soc.culture.welsh	The people, language and history of Wales.
soc.culture.yugoslavia	Discussions of Yugoslavia and its people.
soc.culture.zimbabwe	Culture and other issues pertaining to Zimbabwe.
soc.feminism		Discussion of feminism & feminist issues. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.african	Genealogy of Africa and the African Diaspora. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.australia+nz	Australia, New Zealand, and their territories.
soc.genealogy.benelux	Genealogy in Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg.
soc.genealogy.britain	Genealogy in Great Britain and the islands.
soc.genealogy.computing	Genealogical computing & net resources.
soc.genealogy.french	Francophone genealogy.
soc.genealogy.german	Family history including a German background.
soc.genealogy.hispanic	Genealogy relating to Hispanics.
soc.genealogy.ireland	Genealogy in Ireland (both North and South).
soc.genealogy.italian	Italian genealogy and family heraldry.
soc.genealogy.jewish	Jewish genealogy group. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.marketplace	Genealogy services and products.
soc.genealogy.medieval	Genealogy in the period from roughly AD500 to AD1600.
soc.genealogy.methods	Genealogical methods and resources. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.misc	General genealogical discussions.
soc.genealogy.nordic	Genealogy in the Scandinavian countries.
soc.genealogy.slavic	Genealogy of Slavic peoples.
soc.genealogy.surnames.britain	Surnames queries - Great Britain. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.canada	Surnames queries - Canada. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.german	Surnames queries - German speaking countries. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.global	Surnames queries central database. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.ireland	Surnames queries - Ireland & Northern Ireland. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.misc	Surnames - regions not covered elsewhere. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.surnames.usa	Surnames queries - USA. (Moderated)
soc.genealogy.west-indies	Genealogy of the West Indies.
soc.history.ancient	Ancient history (up to AD 700).
soc.history		Discussions of things historical.
soc.history.early-modern	Early modern history worldwide, to 1800.
soc.history.living	Living history and reenactment, issues and info.
soc.history.medieval	The historic period of the middle ages.
soc.history.moderated	All aspects of history. (Moderated)
soc.history.science	History of science and related areas.
soc.history.war.misc	History & events of wars in general.
soc.history.war.us-civil-war	Aspects of the U.S. Civil War. (Moderated)
soc.history.war.us-revolution	American Revolution/international perspectives.
soc.history.war.world-war-ii	History & events of World War Two. (Moderated)
soc.history.what-if	Alternate history.
soc.libraries.talk	Discussing all aspects of libraries.
soc.men			Issues related to men, their problems & relationships.
soc.men.moderated	Men's interests, roles, rights, relationships, etc. (Moderated)
soc.misc		Socially-oriented topics not in other groups.
soc.motss		Issues pertaining to homosexuality.
soc.net-people		Announcements, requests, etc. about people on the net.
soc.org.freemasonry	Discussion group for the Fraternity "Freemasonry". (Moderated)
soc.org.nonprofit	Nonprofit organizations.
soc.org.service-clubs.misc	General info on all service topics.
soc.penpals		In search of net.friendships.
soc.personals		Personal ads -- people in search of (ISO) others. (Moderated)
soc.politics.marxism	Karl Marx and his legacy in theory and practice. (Moderated)
soc.politics		Political problems, systems, solutions. (Moderated)
soc.religion.asatru	Following the Gods and Goddesses of Northern Europe. (Moderated)
soc.religion.bahai	Discussion of the Baha'i Faith. (Moderated)
soc.religion.hindu	Discussion about the Hindu dharma, philosophy, culture. (Moderated)
soc.religion.islam	Discussions of the Islamic faith. (Moderated)
soc.religion.mormon	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. (Moderated)
soc.religion.paganism	Networking for Pagans. (Moderated)
soc.religion.quaker	The Religious Society of Friends.
soc.religion.satanism	Satanism and the Satanic way of life.
soc.religion.unitarian-univ	Unitarian-Universalism & non-creedal religions. (Moderated)
soc.retirement		For seniors:  retirement, aging, gerontology issues.
soc.rights.human	Human rights & activism (e.g., Amnesty International).
soc.senior.health+fitness	Health, fitness, health-care for seniors.
soc.senior.issues	Issues relevant to seniors and aging.
soc.sexuality.general	Human sexuality in general. (Moderated)
soc.sexuality.spanking	Adult sexual spanking. (Moderated)
soc.singles.moderated	Conversations among people who are or were single. (Moderated)
soc.singles		Newsgroup for single people, their activities, etc.
soc.subculture.bondage-bdsm	Bondage/Dominance/S&M discussion & support.
soc.subculture.bondage-bdsm.femdom	Sensual domination by females.
soc.subculture.expatriate	Issues of interest to expatriates.
soc.support.aids-hiv+	Messages to and from people living with HIV. (Moderated)
soc.support.depression.crisis	Personal crisis situations.
soc.support.depression.family	Coping with depressed people.
soc.support.depression.manic	Bipolar/manic-depression.
soc.support.depression.misc	Depression and mood disorders.
soc.support.depression.treatment	Treatments of depression.
soc.support.fat-acceptance.moderated	Self-acceptance for fat people. (Moderated)
soc.support.fat-acceptance	Self-acceptance for fat people.  No diet talk.
soc.support.loneliness	Mutual help and chat for those of us who feel alone. (Moderated)
soc.support.stroke	Family and survivors recovering from strokes.
soc.support.transgendered	Transgendered and intersexed persons.
soc.support.vision-impaired	Living with visual impairment or blindness.
soc.support.youth.gay-lesbian-bi	Gay youths helping each other. (Moderated)
soc.veterans		Social issues relating to military veterans.
soc.women		Issues related to women, their problems & relationships.
talk.abortion		All sorts of discussions and arguments on abortion.
talk.answers		Repository for periodic USENET articles. (Moderated)
talk.atheism		Debate about the validity and nature of atheism.
talk.bizarre		The unusual, bizarre, curious, and often interesting.
talk.environment	Discussion the state of the environment & what to do.
talk.euthanasia		All aspects of euthanasia.
talk.origins		Evolution versus creationism (sometimes hot!). (Moderated)
talk.philosophy.humanism	Humanism in the modern world.
talk.philosophy.misc	Philosophical musings on all topics.
talk.politics.animals	The use and/or abuse of animals.
talk.politics.china	Discussion of political issues related to China.
talk.politics.crypto	The relation between cryptography and government.
talk.politics.drugs	The politics of drug issues.
talk.politics.european-union	The EU and political integration in Europe.
talk.politics.guns	The politics of firearm ownership and (mis)use.
talk.politics.libertarian	Libertarian politics & political philosophy.
talk.politics.medicine	The politics and ethics involved with health care.
talk.politics.mideast	Discussion & debate over Middle Eastern events.
talk.politics.misc	Political discussions and ravings of all kinds.
talk.politics.soviet	Discussion of Soviet politics, domestic and foreign.
talk.politics.theory	Theory of politics and political systems.
talk.politics.tibet	The politics of Tibet and the Tibetan people.
talk.rape		Discussions on stopping rape; not to be crossposted.
talk.religion.bahai	Discussion of the Baha'i Faith.
talk.religion.buddhism	All aspects of Buddhism as religion and philosophy.
talk.religion.course-miracle	A Course in Miracles.
talk.religion.misc	Religious, ethical, & moral implications.
talk.religion.newage	Esoteric and minority religions & philosophies.
talk.religion.pantheism	Pantheism in general.
talk.rumors		For the posting of rumors.
talk.us.rhode-island	Issues related to the State of Rhode Island, USA.
uk.adverts.books	Adverts for books
uk.adverts.cars		Advertisements for the sale of cars
uk.adverts.computer	Adverts for computer related items in the UK
uk.adverts.computer.mac	Advertising relating to Apple's Macintosh computers
uk.adverts.games.roleplay	Adverts for roleplaying games in the UK
uk.adverts.other	Adverts in the uk for items not covered by other groups
uk.adverts.personals	For personal contact adverts with relevance to the UK
uk.adverts.personals.gay-lesbian-bi	Personal adverts relevant to GLB readers
uk.adverts.telecom.mobile	Adverts for uk mobile comms
uk.announce		General announcements of UK interest (Moderated)
uk.answers		Repository for periodic UK specific USENET articles. (Moderated)
uk.business.accountancy	UK accounting, auditing and taxation
uk.business.agriculture	Agricultural industry in the U.K
uk.business.payroll	Payroll practice, procedure and legislation
uk.community.ambulance	Issues affecting UK ambulance services
uk.community.childcare	Discussion about non-parental childcare
uk.community.firefighting	Fire safety and UK fire and rescue services
uk.community.policing	Discussion of police and policing in the UK
uk.community.social-housing	Social housing policy & practice in the UK
uk.community.voluntary	UK-based voluntary organisations and charities
uk.comp.graphics.flash	Forum for UK based Macromedia Flash users
uk.comp.homebuilt	DIY computer construction and hardware upgrades
uk.comp.home-networking	Home networking, including hardware, protocols, etc.
uk.comp.misc		Miscellaneous UK-related computing issues
uk.comp.mobile		Mobile computing - devices, software & applications
uk.comp.os.linux	Discussion of the Linux operating system
uk.comp.os.ms-windows	Use of Microsoft Windows in the UK.
uk.comp.peripherals.misc	Computer peripherals
uk.comp.security	Miscellaneous computer security discussion
uk.comp.sys.laptops	Laptop computers and their use in the UK
uk.comp.sys.mac		Discussion relating to Apple's Macintosh computers
uk.comp.sys.palmtops	The use of palmtops in the UK
uk.comp.sys.sun		Discussion of Sun computers
uk.comp.training	Creating and presenting computer training courses
uk.comp.vendors		Issues related to UK computer vendors
uk.comp.vintage		Discussion of older computers and consoles in the UK
uk.consultants		Discussion from/by all types of consultants
uk.culture.arts.storytelling	Storytelling activities within the UK
uk.culture.arts.theatre	The discussion of theatre in the UK
uk.culture.arts.writing	For discussion of writing and associated topics
uk.culture.language.english	English language use and abuse
uk.culture.nostalgia.1980s	Nostagic discussion about life in the 1980s
uk.current-events.general	Discussion of UK-related news items
uk.current-events.n-ireland	Events in Northern Ireland
uk.current-events.terrorism	11 September 2001 attack on US and follow up
uk.d-i-y		Do-It-Yourself
uk.education.16plus	Discussion about education for 16+ year olds
uk.education.behavioural	Emotional and behavioural difficulties
uk.education.gcse+standard	GCSEs, Standard Grades and related topics
uk.education.governors	Information and experiences for UK school governors
uk.education.home-education	Education of Children not enrolled at School
uk.education.maths	UK discussion on matters in maths education
uk.education.misc	Discussion relating to education issues
uk.education.openuniversity	Disscussion relating to the UK Open University
uk.education.schools-it	IT in UK education, Primary to 'A' level
uk.education.staffroom	Humorous discussion about teaching
uk.education.teachers	For discussion by/about teachers
uk.education.teachers.trainee	Help and advice for UK student teachers
uk.environment.conservation	UK conservation, heritage and wildlife matters
uk.environment		United Kingdom environmental issues
uk.finance		Discussion about Finance issues in the UK
uk.finance.stockmarket	Shares, securities and the stockmarket
uk.food+drink.chinese	A group for discussion of Chinese cuisine
uk.food+drink.chocolate	UK chocolate
uk.food+drink.indian	Discussion of the food of the Indian sub-continent
uk.food+drink.misc	Food & drink in all forms within the UK
uk.food+drink.real-ale	Cask-conditioned ales and related topics
uk.food+drink.restaurants	Independent guide to UK restaurants
uk.food+drink.sausages	Discussion about sausages
uk.games.board		Discussion, reviews, and advice relating to a wide range of board games
uk.games.computer.counterstrike	Counterstrike UK Multi-Player Gaming
uk.games.computer.misc	UK-based discussion about computer gaming
uk.games.computer.multiplayer	Multiplayer computer games in the UK
uk.games.computer.quake2	Discussion of Quake2
uk.games.computer.quake3	Discussion of Quake III: Arena in the UK
uk.games.computer.quake	Discussion related to Quake in the UK
uk.games.fantasy.football	Fantasy football (soccer) competitions
uk.games.misc		Discussion, reviews, and advice relating to a wide range of games
uk.games.mornington-crescent	Discussion and play of Mornington Crescent
uk.games.roleplay	A UK specific newsgroup for all aspects of roleplaying
uk.games.trading-cards.marketplace	Auction/sale: Collectable Trading Cards
uk.games.trading-cards.misc	Strategy/tournaments: Collectable Trading Cards
uk.games.video.dreamcast	UK based discussion about Sega's Dreamcast
uk.games.video.gameboy	UK based Discussion about Nintendo's GameBoy Range
uk.games.video.handheld	UK focused discussion of handheld video gaming
uk.games.video.misc	UK-centric discussion of video games
uk.games.video.nintendo	UK-based discussion about Nintendo videogames consoles
uk.games.video.playstation.forsale	Sony Playstation sales & wants
uk.games.video.playstation	UK-based Discussion of Sony Playstation range
uk.games.video.xbox	UK based discussion about Microsoft's XBox
uk.gay-lesbian-bi	For bisexuals, lesbians and gays in the UK (Moderated)
uk.gov.agency.csa	Child Support Agency issues and topics
uk.gov.local		Local government in the United Kingdom
uk.gov.social-security	Benefits & tax credits from central & local government
uk.gov.social-work	Social Work policies and practice
uk.jobs.contract	Contract positions wanted/offered. No discussion
uk.jobs.fortyplus	Jobs for the over-forties
uk.jobs.offered		Situations vacant. No discussion
uk.jobs.wanted		Situations wanted. No discussion
uk.legal		Discussion of legal issues in the UK
uk.legal.moderated	Legal topics relevant to UK law (Moderated)
uk.local.ayrshire	Ayrshire, Scotland
uk.local.bath		The City of Bath, England
uk.local.bedfordshire	Topics relevant to the people of Bedfordshire
uk.local.birmingham	The City of Birmingham, England
uk.local.borders-region	The Scottish Borders
uk.local.bristol	The city of Bristol, England
uk.local.channel-isles	Living in or visiting the Channel Islands
uk.local.cheshire	Items of interest regarding Cheshire
uk.local.cornwall	The county of Cornwall, England
uk.local.county-durham	Topics relevant to County Durham
uk.local.cumbria	The county of Cumbria, England
uk.local.derbyshire	Derbyshire issues, people, culture & events
uk.local.devon		To promote events and discussion in Devon
uk.local.dorset		Discussion about Dorset
uk.local.east-anglia	Discussion about the region of East Anglia
uk.local.essx		The county of Essex, England
uk.local.geordie	The Culture and Civilisation centred on Newcastle upon Tyne
uk.local.glasgow	Local discussion for Glasgow, Scotland
uk.local.hampshire	Discussion about the county of Hampshire
uk.local.herefordshire	Herefordshire, England
uk.local.hertfordshire	The county of Hertfordshire, England
uk.local.isle-of-wight	The Isle of Wight
uk.local.kent		All aspects of visiting, living or working in Kent
uk.local.lincolnshire	Topics relevant to Lincolnshire
uk.local.london.info	Information about living in, or visiting, London
uk.local.london		London, the capital city of the United Kingdom
uk.local.lothians	Discussions about the Lothians, Scotland
uk.local.manchester	News and views about Greater Manchester
uk.local.merseyside	Merseyside, England
uk.local.midlands	The Midlands of England
uk.local.north-staffs	Discussion relevant to North Staffordshire
uk.local.north-wales	Discussion about the North Wales area
uk.local.nw-england	Issues concerning the North-West of England
uk.local.peterborough	The City of Peterborough, England
uk.local.scot-highlands	Discussions relating to the Scottish Highlands+Islands
uk.local.shropshire	Topics relevant to Shropshire, England
uk.local.somerset	Events and discussion in Somerset
uk.local.south-wales	Welsh/English, discussions relating to South Wales
uk.local.southwest.adverts	Adverts in the uk.local.southwest area
uk.local.southwest	Gloucs, Wilts, Bristol, Som, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall
uk.local.sunderland	Issues and events affecting the Sunderland area
uk.local.surrey		Discussion about the county of Surrey
uk.local.teesside	Topics relevant to the Teesside area of England
uk.local.thames-valley	Living in or visiting the Thames Valley
uk.local.warwickshire	The County of Warwickshire
uk.local.west-wales	Welsh/English discusion involving West Wales
uk.local.yorkshire	Discussion regarding the Yorkshire region of the UK
uk.local.yorkshire.noticeboard	Announcements and Adverts of Yorkshire relevance
uk.media.animation.anime	The UK Anime & Manga scene
uk.media.books.sf	Science Fiction literature relevant to the UK
uk.media.broadcast.commercials	Broadcast adverts in the UK
uk.media		Discussion of Media in the UK
uk.media.dvd		The Digital Versatile Disc medium in the UK
uk.media.films.carry-on	Carry On Films and all those who worked on them
uk.media.films		To discuss films amongst all inhabitants of the UK
uk.media.home-cinema	A group to discuss all aspects of Home Cinema in the UK
uk.media.newspapers	Read all about it! Discussion of UK newspapers
uk.media.postproduction	All aspects of post-production in the UK
uk.media.radio.archers	Discussion of the BBC radio soap opera "The Archers"
uk.media.radio.bbc-r1	People, Programmes and Related Topics on BBC Radio 1
uk.media.radio.bbc-r2	People and programmes on BBC Radio 2
uk.media.radio.bbc-r3	For discussion of the output of BBC Radio 3
uk.media.radio.bbc-r4	General issues and programmes on BBC Radio Four
uk.media.radio.bbc-r5	Issues and programmes on BBC Radio 5 Live
uk.media.radio.bbc-world-service	Programmes of the BBC World Service
uk.media.radio.hospital	Hospital Radio in United Kingdom
uk.media.radio.misc	UK Radio issues and programming
uk.media.radio.radcliffe	Discussion about Mark Radcliffe's radio show
uk.media.tv.angel	Fans of the TV show Angel
uk.media.tv.brookside	The Channel 4 TV programme 'Brookside'
uk.media.tv.buffy-v-slayer	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
uk.media.tv.cable	Discussion of cable television in the UK
uk.media.tv.childrens	Discussion of UK children's TV by people of all ages
uk.media.tv.dawsons-creek	Dawsons Creek episodes already aired in the UK
uk.media.tv.er		Discussion of TV medical drama ER within the UK
uk.media.tv.friends	UK discussion regarding the US TV series Friends
uk.media.tv.hollyoaks	The TV programme 'Hollyoaks'
uk.media.tv.misc	Discussion of all aspects of TV in the UK
uk.media.tv.robot-wars	The TV show Robot Wars
uk.media.tv.sf.babylon5	Discussion of Babylon-5 relevant to the UK
uk.media.tv.sf.drwho	Doctor Who discussion from a UK perspective
uk.media.tv.sf.farscape	Farscape sci-fi tv series as screened in the UK
uk.media.tv.sf.misc	Group for general discussions of Science Fiction on UK television
uk.media.tv.sf.startrek	For discussion of Star Trek relevant to the UK
uk.media.tv.sf.x-files	Discussion of the X-Files series shown on UK TV
uk.media.tv.simpsons	UK based discussion of US TV series The Simpsons
uk.media.tv.sky		Programmes on the British Sky Broadcasting network
uk.media.tv.smallville	The TV programme Smallville
uk.media.tv.time-team	Popular archaeology series on C4
uk.media.tv.twenty-four	For discussion of "24" relevant to the UK
uk.media.tv.us-sitcoms	General discussion on UK airings of US sitcoms
uk.media.tv.west-wing	The TV show The West Wing as screened in the UK
uk.media.tv.xena	UK discussion of US TV series Xena: Warrior Princess
uk.misc			General interest to everyone on UKnet
uk.music.alternative	The UK "alternative" and "indie" music scene
uk.music.charts		Discussion about the UK music charts
uk.music.christian	Christian Music in the UK
uk.music.country	UK discussion of all aspects of Country music
uk.music.folk		Folk/roots/acoustic music in the UK
uk.music.guitar		Guitars and Guitar music in the UK
uk.music.makers.dj	The art and pursuit of DJing in the UK
uk.music.misc		General discussion of UK music
uk.music.notation	Discussion of music notation and software
uk.music.rave		Discussion of UK rave music and the UK rave scene
uk.music.rhythm-n-blues	UK newsgroup for discussing rhythm and blues music
uk.music.rock		Rock music and rock musicians in a UK context.
uk.net.news.announce	For RFDs, CFVs, FAQs, etc. within the UK Hierarchy. (Moderated)
uk.net.news.config	Discussions of RFDs posted in uk.net.news.announce
uk.net.news.management	Management of the uk.* news hierarchy
uk.net.news.moderation	Discussion of the moderation of uk.* groups
uk.net.providers.aaisp	AAISP (Andrews & Arnold) discussion
uk.net.providers.gradwell	Discussion of the ISP Gradwell
uk.net.providers	UK Internet Service Provider discussion
uk.net.regulation	Regulation of the Internet in the UK
uk.net			Used by UKnet maintainers
uk.net.web.authoring	A forum for UK web developers
uk.org.bcs.announce	Announcements relating to the British Computer Society (Moderated)
uk.org.bcs.misc		Discussion relating to the British Computer Society
uk.org.mensa		Forum for items of interest to UK members of Mensa
uk.people.adoption.misc	All aspects of adoption in the UK
uk.people.adoption.searching	All aspects of adoption searching in the UK
uk.people.bdsm		Discussion of bondage, discipline, s/m and D/s
uk.people.bdsm.personals	Personal ads for bondage, D/s & s/m in the UK (Moderated)
uk.people.consumers	Discussion about products and services
uk.people.consumers.ebay	Doing business on Ebay in the UK
uk.people.crossdressing	Support and info for UK based cross-dressers
uk.people.dead		UK obituaries and discussion of dead people
uk.people.deaf		Discussion about issues relating to deaf people
uk.people.disability.bikers	For disabled bikers to discover a new freedom
uk.people.disability	Discussion of disability related topics in the UK
uk.people.disability.transport	Transport issues for the disabled
uk.people.ex-forces	Ex-members of HM Forces
uk.people.gothic	Gothic culture, music, fashion and events in the UK
uk.people.health	Health-related issues relevant to the UK
uk.people.parents	Discussion about parental childcare
uk.people.parents.pregnancy	Pregnancy and childbirth
uk.people.polyamorous	Discussion and support for UK polyamorous people
uk.people.sf-fans	Discussion area for UK SF fans
uk.people.silversurfers	Advice and chat for older internet users
uk.people.support.arthritis	Arthritis and related issues
uk.people.support.cfs-me	Chronic fatigue / myalgic encephalomyelitis
uk.people.support.depression	Advice, support and chat for depressed people
uk.people.support.diabetes	Advice, support and chat about diabetes
uk.people.support.epilepsy	Epilepsy general discussion group
uk.people.support.mental-health	Discussion of UK mental health issues
uk.people.support.mult-sclerosis	Multiple Sclerosis general discussion
uk.people.teens		General disscussion by Teenagers in the UK
uk.philosophy.atheism	Atheist philosophy, UK atheism + atheists
uk.philosophy.humanism	UK issues in Humanism and in Secular thought
uk.philosophy.misc	General discussion of philosophy
uk.politics.animals	UK political discussion concerning animals
uk.politics.censorship	Discussion of censorship
uk.politics.constitution	Constitutional issues relating to the UK
uk.politics.crime	Criminal policy relating to the UK
uk.politics.drugs	Politics of legal and illegal drug use in the UK
uk.politics.economics	Economic policy relating to the UK
uk.politics.electoral	Discussion of elections & electoral systems in the UK
uk.politics.environment	Politics and the environment in the UK
uk.politics.guns	For discussion of guns and gun laws in the UK
uk.politics.id-cards	A national ID register and ID cards in the UK.
uk.politics.misc	Miscellaneous UK political discussion
uk.politics.parliament	Discussion of the UK Parliament
uk.politics.philosophy	Philosophical basis for politics in the UK
uk.politics.rural	A rural-centric debate of government plans and policy
uk.radio.amateur	Amateur radio and related matters
uk.railway		Discussion about railways in the UK
uk.rec.aquaria.misc	All aspects of aquaria
uk.rec.audio.car	Car audio systems discussion in the UK
uk.rec.audio		Discussion and exchange of hi-fi audio equipment
uk.rec.audio.vinyl	Hi-fi involving vinyl as the source
uk.rec.aviation		Flying related interests/activities in the UK
uk.rec.birdwatching	Discussion of all aspects of United Kingdom Birdwatching
uk.rec.boats.motor	All aspects of motor boating in the UK
uk.rec.boats.paddle	For matters relating to boats that are paddled
uk.rec.bodybuilding	Aspects of bodybuilding in the UK
uk.rec.camping		Devoted to the discussion of camping in the uk
uk.rec.caravanning	Recreational and technical aspects of caravanning
uk.rec.cars.4x4		Discussions about 4 Wheel Drive & Off-Road Cars
uk.rec.cars.classic	Classic Cars in the UK
uk.rec.cars.fuel.lpg	Converting and running cars on LPG in the UK
uk.rec.cars.imports	Importing cars and post-import issues
uk.rec.cars.kit-car	Construction, use, and repair of Kit-Cars in the UK
uk.rec.cars.maintenance	General car maintenance
uk.rec.cars.mg		History, use and repair of MG cars in the UK
uk.rec.cars.misc	Other UK car topics
uk.rec.cars.modifications	Aspects of car modifications (tuning, styling)
uk.rec.cars.tvr		TVR Manufactured sports cars and relevant events
uk.rec.cars.vw.aircooled	All Aircooled VW Vehicles
uk.rec.cars.vw.watercooled	Volkswagen water-cooled cars
uk.rec.caving		Caving, pot-holing etc. for sport/exploration/research
uk.rec.climbing		Rock climbing, ice climbing and mountaineering
uk.rec.collecting.coins	Coin and banknote collecting
uk.rec.collecting.misc	Antiques and collectibles of interest in the UK
uk.rec.competitions	Announcement/discussion of UK based competitions
uk.rec.crafts		Newsgroup for craft related topics in the UK
uk.rec.crafts.sewing	Discussion of sewing (by hand or machine) in the UK
uk.rec.cycling		Discussion of UK cycling issues
uk.rec.cycling.moderated	Cycling in the UK (Moderated)
uk.rec.driving		Discussion of all aspects of non-professional driving
uk.rec.drugs.cannabis	Cannabis use and abuse in the UK
uk.rec.engines.stationary	For the preservation of stationary engines
uk.rec.equestrian	Discussion of general UK equestrian activities
uk.rec.fishing.coarse	For the discussion of coarse angling
uk.rec.fishing.game	For the discussion of game angling
uk.rec.fishing.sea	For the discussion of sea angling
uk.rec.gambling.misc	UK-related gambling discussion
uk.rec.gardening	To discuss gardening topics relevant to the UK
uk.rec.gps		Global Positioning Systems and radio navigation systems
uk.rec.humour		Humour with a UK perspective.
uk.rec.metaldetecting	Metaldetecting topics in the UK
uk.rec.models.engineering	All aspects of model engineering in the UK
uk.rec.models.radio-control.air	UK Radio Control Aero Modelling
uk.rec.models.radio-control.land	UK Radio Control Cars, Buggies, Trucks
uk.rec.models.rail	Railway model making
uk.rec.motorcaravans	Recreational and technical aspects of motorcaravanning
uk.rec.motorcycles.classic	Classic motorcycles, owning, riding, restoring
uk.rec.motorcycles	For discussion of motorcycle issues relevant to the UK
uk.rec.motorcycles.trailriding	For those interested in motorcycle trailriding
uk.rec.motorsport.oval-racing	Support and participation in oval track racing
uk.rec.natural-history	The study of UK wildlife
uk.rec.naturist		Discussion,chat, on naturism in uk, europe
uk.rec.pets.misc	Pet care and related issues in the UK
uk.rec.photo.adverts	Adverts for photographic equipment, services and jobs
uk.rec.photo.misc	Photography and Photographic issues in the UK
uk.rec.psychic		Psychic matters
uk.rec.radio.cb		General discussion of Citizens' Band Radio in the UK
uk.rec.rights-of-way	UK rights of way and associated issues
uk.rec.running		Running, jogging, racing and related issues
uk.rec.sailing		To discuss all aspects of sailing activity in the UK
uk.rec.scouting		Discussion of Scouting and Guiding in the UK
uk.rec.scuba		UK scuba diving
uk.rec.sheds		Sheds: culture, contents, usage
uk.rec.shooting.clays	Clay pigeon shooting and related disciplines
uk.rec.shooting.game	Game/pest control shooting and related disciplines
uk.rec.shooting.target	Target shooting and related disciplines
uk.rec.skydiving	UK related sport parachuting
uk.rec.subterranea	Tunnels and other man-made/used spaces underneath the UK
uk.rec.ufo		UFO phenomena, reports and related topics in the UK
uk.rec.video.digital	Digital Video, hardware, software & use
uk.rec.walking		To exchange information on walking, hiking or rambling in the uk
uk.rec.waterways.fens	Discussion of the Fen waterways
uk.rec.waterways	for discussing British waterways
uk.rec.youth-hostel	Discussion of youth hostels and hostelling
uk.religion.buddhist	Discussion of the buddhist faith
uk.religion.christian	Christianity in the UK (Moderated)
uk.religion.hindu	Discussion of the hindu faith
uk.religion.interfaith	Discussion of the interfaith issues
uk.religion.islam	Discussion of the islamic faith
uk.religion.jewish	Discussion of the jewish faith (Moderated)
uk.religion.misc	Discussion about religion in general
uk.religion.other-faiths	Discussion of the other faiths
uk.religion.pagan	Pagan orientated topics and experiences in the UK
uk.sci.astronomy	Astronomy in the UK
uk.sci.med.nursing	UK Nursing Issues
uk.sci.med.pharmacy	Relating to the practice of pharmacy in the UK
uk.sci.misc		Miscellaneous UK science
uk.sci.weather		For the discussion of weather events
uk.singles		Discussion for people about, or who are, single
uk.sport.athletics	Track & Field Athletics results, rankings & fixtures
uk.sport.baseball	For discussion of baseball in its widest context
uk.sport.betting	All aspects of sports betting from a UK view
uk.sport.cricket	Discussion of UK cricket
uk.sport.football.american	All aspects of UK American Football Leagues
uk.sport.football	Association Football in the UK
uk.sport.football.clubs.celtic	Celtic Football Club discussion
uk.sport.football.clubs.leeds-united	Leeds United Football Club
uk.sport.football.clubs.liverpool	Liverpool Football Club
uk.sport.football.clubs.man-city	Manchester City Football Club
uk.sport.football.clubs.newcastle-united	Newcastle United Football Club
uk.sport.football.clubs.rangers	The Rangers Football Club, Glasgow
uk.sport.football.clubs.southampton	Southampton Football Club
uk.sport.football.clubs.sunderland	Sunderland Association Football Club
uk.sport.football.clubs.west-ham	West Ham United Football Club
uk.sport.football.scottish	Association Football in Scotland
uk.sport.golf		Discussion of Golf within the UK
uk.sport.horseracing	UK focussed group for the discussion of horseracing topics
uk.sport.ice-hockey	For discussion of ice hockey as played in and by GB
uk.sport.misc		Discussion of sport within the UK
uk.sport.motorsport.formula1	Formula 1 motorsport and the UK
uk.sport.motorsport	Motorsport Fans
uk.sport.orienteering	The sport of Orienteering in the UK
uk.sport.speedway	For all Speedway fans & Riders
uk.sport.swimming	Competitive Swimming in the UK
uk.tech.broadcast	Technology used in UK radio and TV broadcasting
uk.tech.digital-tv.crypt	encryption used by tv providers
uk.tech.digital-tv	Technical issues of domestic digital television
uk.tech.electronic-security	Technical issues of electronic security
uk.tech.home-automation	Home Automation in the UK
uk.tech.misc		Miscellaneous UK technology
uk.tech.robotics	Robotics in the UK
uk.tech.rocketry	All aspects of rocketry in the UK, excluding fireworks
uk.tech.tv.sky		Technical issues of Sky television
uk.tech.tv.video.pvr	Hard disk-based Personal Video Recorder(PVR) systems
uk.telecom.broadband	ADSL/cable/other broadband services/products
uk.telecom		Discussion of UK telecommunications
uk.telecom.mobile	Mobile telephone equipment and networks
uk.telecom.voip		Voice over IP technology and related matters
uk.test			UK wide tests
uk.transport.air	Discussion of commercial/military aviation in UK
uk.transport.buses	Issues facing the UK bus industry
uk.transport.ferry	UK ferry news and discussion
uk.transport.london	Discussion of all forms of transport in London
uk.transport		Transportation issues in the United Kingdom
us.arts			General discussion of US fine & performing arts.
us.arts.poetry		US poetry; poets; original poems.
us.config		Planning a USA national network news hierarchy.
us.issues.abortion	Abortion and birth control in the USA.
us.issues		National social, economic, environmental issues.
us.legal		Q & A about US law and legal issues.
us.legal.self-represent	Representing oneself in legal affairs.
us.military.army	Life and work in the US Army.
us.military		General topics related to the US Military.
us.military.history	History of military forces in the USA.
us.military.national-guard	National Guard issues, concerns & information.
us.military.navy	Life and work in the US Navy.
us.misc			US topics not covered by other newsgroups.
us.org.bicycle-greenways.nbg	Building a national bicycle greenways system.
us.politics.elections	Elections of national interest in the USA.
us.politics		General discussion of US politics.
us.talk.constitution	The US Constitution & its impact on our lives.
us.talk.headline-news	Discussion of major US-related non-political events.
us.taxes		Pros and cons of the US tax system.
us.test			Test group for the us.* hierarchy.
xs4all.ipv6		XS4ALL provides native IPv6
z-netz.alt.c64		Die kleine Brotkiste ...
z-netz.alt.esoterik.reiki	Mit den Haenden heilen
z-netz.alt.liebesleben.geschichten	Gute Nacht-Geschichten fuer Erwachsene
z-netz.alt.rechnerkrieg	Meiner ist aber besser und schoener!
z-netz.alt.test		one two ... one two ... test ...
z-netz.forum.versicherung	Diskussion um Versicherungen
z-netz.freizeit.rollenspiele.dsa	Das Rollenspiel DSA
z-netz.fundgrube.job-boerse	Job-Gesuche und -Angebote
z-netz.koordination.einstellungen	Neuigkeiten von Z-Netz-Systemen
z-netz.koordination.user+sysops	Anregungen und Ideen fuer's NETZ
z-netz.koordination.wahlurne	Die oeffentliche Abstimmung
z-netz.miteinander.kontakte	Kontakte suchen und halten
z-netz.rechtswesen.diskurs.steuerrecht	Alles was Recht ist und mehr
z-netz.test		Zum Testen der Verbindungen
